---
ref: "9"
title: "I Live for Being Who I Am"
subtitle: "A message from Jesus, identifying himself as the Living
Christ who lives in you"
---

## I. Live What You Are

To be who you really are is to be alive. That is, it is to be aware that
your reality is alive. Only that should be truly called life, for
eternal life resides in the reality of your being. Again, the reality of
who you are is eternal life. Why? Because it is a reality full of life
without end. It is the endless continuum of expression of being that God
created. That is your reality.

There is an aspect of your reality many cannot understand, and indeed,
it is something that cannot be shared with anyone except God. It is what
makes you unique. This does not imply exclusivity or separation but only
the exclusive authenticity of your heart.

When you decide to follow this narrow but beautiful path of the
abundance of your true being, you will experience a lack of
understanding from others. This can be an obstacle at first. But see it
through the eyes of truth. It is essential to free yourself from the
fear of what others may say, and also from the illusion that you can
empower others to see as you see. Being cares not for the opinions of
others, because being cannot perceive them. Actually your being cannot
understand opinions at all. Opinions do not reside in the realm of
truth. God does not ask for opinions. Love is simply what it is.

Being yourself is expressing the beauty of your heart. Through it you
manifest the diversity of your feelings, nuances, thoughts, emotions,
and desires—all linked to love. Let everything that exists within you be
within the arc of the beautiful love of your heartful consciousness.

Do you want to paint my face? Do so. Do you want to sing songs to my
heart? Do so. Would you rather use pencil and paper to show the world
that I exist and that I am love? Do so with all the joy of your heart.
“Love and do what you want” is a central motto of this work. We are now
able to reinterpret that expression. Now I tell you: “Love and be the
one you want to be.”

Once you live in the love you are, there can be no room for fear. Devoid
of fear, there is only one life in the abundance of being—a life marked
by the inspiration of the spirit of wisdom, harmony, and grace. Every
inspired work comes from me because I am the source of spirit. I am the
being who inspires poets, mystics, and painters to perform their
majestic works. I am the source of creation, not only of the created
universe, but of everything that is creative, including your mind and
heart.

Why was a work like this created? So you can become aware of the real
being you are and allow it to manifest freely. You do this when you
remain in dialogue with me. These conversations come from that part of
the universal and individual consciousness that makes spirit what it
is: Christ consciousness. You can call it what you like—source of
beautiful knowledge, basis of inspiration, creative force, or whatever.
Names are not essential. What is essential is that you recognize that
these dialogues are real, and that they come from your heart together
with your mind. That they are a concrete expression of the divine
reality of your being.

To be aware of the Christ-being you are is to become aware of a
dimension whose power and quality is so similar to divine essence that
you can no longer see differences between them. You are Christ,
expressing yourself. You are the love of God, extending. You are the
Wisdom of Heaven made flesh.

The need of the being to express itself is so inherent in what it is,
that if it does not do so, it would die. Obviously this cannot happen
literally, on the plane of eternal truth. But it can happen on the level
of awareness of the truth about itself. To understand the concept of the
death of a soul, it is necessary to understand that the absence of the
extension of the love that it is causes it to lose consciousness of
being. That causes the soul to submerge in the dream of oblivion, not
only forgetting the truth of what it is, but the reality of what
everyone else and everything is. Despite this forgetfulness, the soul
can never completely forget God. The impossibility of totally forgetting
truth is the invisible thread that holds it, even if unaware, united to
the beauty of its holiness.

Observe how when you suffer and pain takes over much of your body and
mind, you lose the ability to share. You fall back. This instinctive
retractive movement is due to the fact that pain seeks to isolate. On
the other hand, when you feel accepted and in an environment where you
can be yourself without risk of being judged or attacked for the free
expressions of your heart, you feel happy and expansive.

Love is expansive. This statement is of great importance, since love is
who you are. So, what really expands is your being. When you are
yourself, you are spreading, sharing your true self with others. Your
being widens. This is why, to be happy, you need to share what you are
and to expand without limits, which your soul seeks to do always.

## II. The Bliss of Free Expression

Those who live in love are happy because they have found the way, the
truth, and the life. By consciously living in the unity of the being
they really are, they remain in harmony with themselves. They love each
other for what they are. They accept their humanity as it is, just like
their Christ being. They know they need to feed both body and soul. They
also know where to look for food for the heart, and how to give the mind
a drink to quench its thirst for wisdom.

Those who live in the authenticity of the heart need not attack
anything, for they know that they themselves are the repositories of
everything of God. They need not do anything to receive what the Creator
gives them as an inheritance. They simply rest in the peace that comes
from the certainty of knowing who they are. Therefore they live in
truth. Rest comes without effort. By living in the serenity of spirit in
union with love and remaining in inner stillness, they create the new.
They are the true co-creators of the Mother.

Being and creating are parts of a unit. We say “parts” to use language
that is easily understood, despite the fact that there are obviously no
“parts” in the reality of who you are. Once you accept that you are as
God created you, and that you are therefore perfect as you are, you
begin to create love realities every moment. You do so both within your
limited core of relationships—with those you call loved ones, with
your pets, even with your furniture—as well as with a broad spectrum of
relationships that are beyond particular consciousnesses, including
with many with whom you will never join in time and space.

What causes a song to be beautiful to those who listen? You cannot know,
nor is it necessary to know. The creators of such works do not seek to
create an effect, only to express themselves freely. That expression
arises from an unstoppable force that exists in the heart which impels
its manifestation. This applies to musical and artistic works, but can
also be generalized towards every expression of life through each one
of your brothers and sisters, and yourself.

Just as when expressing herself freely a poet does not predefine a
desired effect but simply lets spirit flow so that the music of her
soul, the subtlety of her sensibility and the sharpness of her gaze
are embodied in words, so is it with you who have decided to travel this
path of being. But you extend universally. This means that your true
creations have an effect on all of creation, regardless of what each
part of creation may do with it, just as the musician should not be
attached to what the free expression of the beauty of his heart may
bring.

Now you are in perfect condition to understand to a greater degree the
love of God. The creator of the holy, the beautiful, and the perfect
created you as a gorgeous expression of love. God knows very well that
Her work is holy and is clad in beauty like no other. She rejoices to
see Her work in you. She looks at you and says: “You are perfect, my
child. Know the wonder that you are.”

The love that created you does not care what others think about what has
been created through you. It is enough to remain united to love so that
your joy is complete.

When you were a newborn, you inspired tenderness, the memory of
innocence, and yearning for purity. When you were young you showed the
world the force of life, the impetus to create your path and transform
things, the desire to dance and sing, the desire for union and
relationship. As an adult you have shown the equanimity of truth, the
search for peace and a serene life, showing the world that there are
inexhaustible treasures in the human soul that are beyond the things
of the world. You also give a sense of purpose to your life, and so you
leave traces for others to follow. And at the end of the path of your
life in the world, you give wisdom, love, and an understanding that only
those who walk the paths of truth can understand. At that stage of the
road, you have your eyes on the sky, your feet on the ground, and your
heart full of the wisdom of love.

With that simple description of what we could call the phases of the
path of humankind, I want you to see clearly that you always manifest
something of God, and that the totality always manifests the whole of
the love that God is. I do this so that you begin to put your sincere
expressions in their rightful place, that is, in first place, so that
you do not hide the light that shines from your being but put it on a
pedestal so it can illuminate the world.

Being a beacon of truth is your destiny. Being the light of love is your
reality. Being the living face of God is your function. For that have
you been created. For that we have come here together, united in spirit
and truth, walking on paths full of experience, knowledge, and truth.
This is why we are both here in this blessed portal, in this sacred
place. This is a port of arrival and departure. From here we begin to
navigate the placid waters of an infinite ocean of beauty and holiness.

The goal of this work is to free your heart so its beauty shines.
Expressing the love you really are is the goal that goes beyond these
words and extends to the eternal. Freedom is your true condition. If you
do not release your being from bonds that prevent it from manifesting
itself and spreading, then it cannot be what it is. Your being is
eternal extension.

When you create a limited thinking system in your mind, whatever it is,
what you do is obstruct the flow of the expansion of being. Remember,
being manifests itself through a mind integrated with the heart. In
other words, the golden cage I spoke of is made up of thoughts that
limit who you are. Those are the thoughts that, in one way or another,
condition your reality.

A conditioned mind traps the heart, rendering you unable to experience
unconditional love, and therefore incapable of knowing the
unconditionality of being. In that situation you lose sight of being and
fall into an alienated state. That is, the mind ignores the being that
gave rise to it and which it was created to serve. You then become a
stranger to yourself as well as to your sisters and brothers, God, the
world, and life. Hence it is so important that you keep yourself free,
and that you begin to realize the implications of having fear in any
form, including the most damaging—the fear of who you are.

## III. A Happy Child

See how I return again and again to the matter of loving yourself with
holy love? This is because the lack of love for yourself is the basis
upon which the structure of fear has been built. All fear finds its
source and its nest there. Recognize this. You must accept the fact that
you have loved yourself very little. I say this not to cause distress,
but so that you begin to look toward that deep interior of your soul
where the beautiful child that you are awaits your embrace and with
great fervor yearns to hear your gentle voice. See how this beautiful
infant—your being—wishes not to continue hearing a voice other than
yours, for only your voice can bring peace, security, and love. Talk to
her. Sing to him. When you dance with the wind, sway with her. Rock him
as a mother rocks her baby’s cradle.

Remember that children like to play. And they also enjoy being
spontaneous. They would rather sing than speak, dance than walk. They
are the joy of the world.

To unite with your inner child is to unite with your being because you,
like all created souls, are a child-soul. Remember, the Kingdom of
Heaven is for those who are as children. Do not get lost in the
appearances of bodies that no longer look like children, for your
heart is eternally a child in love, full of desire to dance to the
rhythm of the music of the heart.

Go for a walk in the parks that enliven you. Take time to rest. Enjoy
the game of life. Have an affable talk with a friend, a little piece of
Heaven. Enjoy the beauty that life gives you. Do not walk with a frown
as do those absorbed in thousands of worries for a tomorrow that has not
yet come, or for a past that has already gone to never return.

Learn to enjoy life. It has been given to you for your joy. Remain in a
state of spiritual childhood, that is, do not lose the ability to be
amazed, to be spontaneous and to laugh a lot.

Throw yourself into the game of beautiful love, the game of life given
to you. Play with me. Like the child playing in the swings at a park who
yells to his friends to share the joy, invite everyone to our game.

Learn to enjoy simply for joy. Learn to value life for what it is, a
sacred gift that love has given you to be happy. From all eternity you
have been called to this. You will become the joy of love made flesh,
the living expression of the joy of the Father. And you will extend
lasting joy.

To be happy is to be yourself, because you have been created in the
bliss of Heaven, literally made to be an expression of the joy of love.

I have spoken much of the joy of living and do so now from a new
perspective. You will know that you are being fully yourself by your
feelings and by the kind of thoughts in your mind. When you live in the
truth of who you are, you feel inner joy, peace, tranquility, and a
great sense of purpose. Your thoughts are loving, and although they can
be powerful and reflect the severity that truth sometimes demands, they
will always be accurate and soft. Harsh thoughts are not part of the
mind of Christ, just as feelings contrary to love are not.

You who live in the truth of what is do not judge because you know there
is no reason to judge anything. You no longer waste time or energy
explaining everything because you simply want to be who you really are.
Resting in your being, you allow the powers of your soul to move in
harmony with that. Let love be the source of movement. Let yourself be
carried away by its breeze. Just watch, be silent, wait, and enjoy.

Beloved child of God, soul in love! What joy it is to know that we can
now enjoy more of the wonders that God created so you will be immensely
happy. Stay cheerful in love. Rest in the certainty of my eternal
company. I am always by your side. I will take care of you even more
than a loving mother who takes care of her newborn. I will sing love
songs in the evening so you have happy dreams. I will cradle you in my
arms so that you steadily smile with love. When you awaken I will give
you flowers and the songs of birds. I will dress you in beauty and bring
forth a spring of purity and truth. The world will grow in beauty
because you exist. You will be what you have always been called to be.
You will be the living expression of beautiful love. You. Truly You.

