---
ref: "15"
title: "A World of Pure Crystal"
subtitle: "A message from Archangel Raphael"
---

## I. What You Are Blesses You

Some beings come to Earth to be mirrors of God’s purity, like crystals
that reflect the light of the undeniable beauty of the goodness of
Christ. They walk the Earth illuminating as they go, clearing the
consciousness of time and of everything contrary to love. Their presence
alone does what their beings are called to do, to serve their sisters
and brothers. They are fireflies of love in the dark night of the world.

These pure crystal children do not understand the world, and the world
does not understand them. Yet they come with a clear mission: to allow
the transformation of universal consciousness to take place, to reach a
certain height as established from before time by the Father’s will.

They are like beautiful flowers that adorn the garden where Christ left
footsteps, and where he will return. With their footsteps they kiss the
ground on which they walk, knowing that the love of the One who sent
them by design of holiness resides therein, and to whom they owe
faithfulness. They are holiness made flesh, the perfect extension of
Jesus’ and Mary’s love for the world. They are His children, born from
their union of perfect love with Divine Will.

These children, born of the love of God, arrive in the world with a high
degree of sensitivity, which allows them to live with their crystalline
being. Their purity prevents them from tolerating a lack of harmony.
Their radiant peace makes any expres- sion of violence and heartbreak
intolerable for them. Crowds are not their friends; solitude is their
great treasure because in it they hear the voice of the divine beloved
and remain united to the truth that they love with all their strength,
mind, and heart.

Because they know love, they have a degree of empathy without equal. The
pain of others can be felt as purely as their own. They are compassion
personified. The joy of their sisters and brothers becomes one with
their own. They live submerged in love. They cannot understand that
their sisters and brothers live in a world of craziness where people are
involved in quarrels and selfishness. It makes no sense to these
crystalline children. They live in love with life because they know God.
They know the sweetness of truth, the delight of living together with
love, the grace of being children of the highest. They are heirs of the
Kingdom, messengers of peace.

Objects of their love surround them. They often develop feelings of love
and admiration for other beings such as animals, flowers, the moon, and
apparently inanimate objects. They find in the things of Earth a blessed
expression of God’s love. They know that everything was created to serve
them, not in the sense of submission, but in the sense that their
Father’s love is so great that He cannot stop filling them with gifts of
eternal life. They prefer the “we” to the self, for they are the living
expression of unity.

These are children of God’s love. Everything was given them for heavenly
love, and they receive everything with the love with which they know
they, and everything, have been created. They come to the world with the
knowledge of the fullness of being, which they make their polestar.

Crystalline children come to put a face on love, thereby contributing to
the transformation of consciousness and the realization of a new Heaven
and a new Earth. They often cry because they are aware of the pain of
those who inhabit the physical plane. They know the tragedy of
separation. They know very well how insistently the human heart groans,
begging for peace, tranquility, and harmony. They also know how
difficult it is for many to know the path back to the Father’s house.
They know the truth because they know love. Nothing is veiled from their
vision of souls, for they come with the eyes of Christ. Easily they
glimpse the panoramas of the drama of life lived in the illusion of the
world, and at the same time they can bring that vision to the totality
of Heaven. They know that love reigns. They know wisdom. They honor
freedom. They glorify truth.

Disharmony cannot be absorbed by these divine children who walk the
Earth. It pains them. The unity of their minds and hearts, the source of
their knowledge and action, could not long remain without being
disturbed by the highly emotional energies of some of their sisters and
brothers. People with extreme emotions tire them. The masses overwhelm
them. They prefer silence to noise, solitude to distraction, nature to
the city. Prayer is their source of spiritual health, the remedy to
ills, and the basis of joy. Staying united to God every day is the only
means they know to preserve inner peace and to live in harmony with
life. They know prayer is the source of miracles and the life of the
soul.

The hearts of these pure children sing in the depths of their being.
They are happy by nature, although the cruelty of the world causes them
to shed bitter tears. The trees dance with them. The waters move with
the flow of the life of their souls, which is one with the Sacred Heart.
Their absence of ego keeps them from invoking fear. They are discreet,
submissive, and prefer anonymity to being seen. They are positive and
serene because they know and trust love. They have great emotional
capacity. Few understand their need for solitude. When this is not
respected, they become unbalanced and fearful that they may lose their
connection with being, which is what keeps them united to the whole.

Daily they must enter into communion with creation and the elements. The
spirit of nature helps them stay balanced and cleanses disharmonious
energies, which stun them deeply. The big cities, full of noise,
pollution, aggressive energies, and imbalances are bonfires where the
vulnerable self burns. But when in contact with creation, they feel
deeply attached to the essence of existence, can observe the beauty of
love, feel full, sharpen their senses and fill themselves with the
purity of fresh air. In nature they find positive energy. The sun and
prayer renew their ener- gies, which are necessary to survive in a world
where forces wear down the soul.

They are peacemakers. For this they have come to the world. They do not
understand the inhumanity of human towards human. They cry because they
fail to understand why human beings are as they are. They feel that
Earth could be an extraordinary place, but the exaggerated human ego is
spoiling it. They do not understand war, violence, murder, aggression,
greed, hunger, misery, cruelty, lies, harshness, misunderstanding,
vulgarity, pain, disrespect, or other faults of nobility of spirit.

They withdraw, disconnect, and protect themselves when life is too
intense.

They often think that this temporary existence is excessively hard, and
fail to understand the meaning of being here— although that is when they
remember that something superior asked for their help.

They are usually loved and simultaneously feared for their great truth,
honesty, firmness, and openness, always linked to the sweetness of love.

The perfect knowledge they have of love, which they preserved in their
hearts since the beginning of creation, does not comprehend a love for
convenience, or a fear of solitude. Nor do they give credit to the false
love that arises from avoidance of taking responsibility for oneself.
They also know that busyness is meaningless.

For crystal souls, love is everything. It is the only way to understand,
share, learn, and respect—he only way to exist. These loving souls that
inhabit the Earth need little of traditional ideas, or none at all. The
structures of the world are not for them. Some become immersed in
sadness if they believe they live in a world that does not allow light,
until they remember that they are the ones who have come to be the
light.

They are vulnerable, so they instinctively move away from harmful people
who do not understand their sensitivity and do not respect it.

Due to the absence of ego there is purity, innocence, and a lack of
malice in these Christified souls. Basically they don’t need the ego to
relate to others and the world, much less to position themselves in it.
They are as respectful of their feelings as they are of others, so they
understand pain. They have a global understanding of events to such an
extent that if they speak of it, they would seem crazy.

The crystalline souls, children of love, have a clean connection with
the higher self and natural access to superior guid- ance, so they know
the truth of spiritual unity that is the world’s natural state. They are
by their essence healers and peacemakers.

They are aware and accept with love the union of the masculine and
feminine in their souls, because at heart they under- stand that they
are one, embodying varying types of spiritual energy. They do not need a
separate self to express their knowledge, for it is implicit in them.
They are wise because they are, not because they say so. They have no
ego about which to boast.

Often these crystalline children prefer to be quiet, observe, and wait
rather than enter into ego struggles with others, which may make it
appear that they have no knowledge of what is being discussed. Quite the
contrary; they prefer to demonstrate silently.

## II. Your Reality is Spiritual Childhood

You may have wondered what this description is all about. I hope that
you have received it with a heart full of joy, and a loving disposition
not to allow the ideas of a false self, created by a world full of fear,
to obstruct access to the light of truth.

I have told you since the beginning of this manifestation that many know
me as the Medicine of God. As such, I have no other purpose than
healing. As a healing force from the love of the Mother, with whom I am
one and is the only source of all healing and restoration, I extend
spiritual and physical health. I am that which makes the body and the
mind heal. I am the re-creative force of love. I am the vital energy
that sustains the elements functioning within the laws of existence and
shapes everything that exists. I am because I am one with God. I am
because I was created in the likeness of the Mother, as you are.

What I am looking for is that you become aware that this healing force
is yours as much as mine, because it is from God.

Just as a doctor does not establish the same approach for all patients,
because healing depends upon the type of condition, its cure, and the
particularity of how each patient receives treat- ments, the same goes
for each soul. Remember, no soul is the same as any other.

The healing approach we have taken in this miraculous work corresponds
to the nature of who you are. Because the wisdom of Christ lives in me,
I know you and I know your way to live in truth. What you have been
given in this manifestation is what you needed for the restoration of
consciousness to the fullness of the being that you really are.

In your particular case—and this applies to all who receive these words
from Heaven—it was necessary for you to reach a point where the identity
crisis was healed and then set aside, and so you will begin to live in
the truth of what you are. What affected you so strongly was living in a
world where your light could not shine, like a fish scooped from water
and put in a fishbowl. That engendered in you the greatest pain that a
heart can feel—the pain of not being who you are.

It is tragic not being able to live in harmony with what one
is—especially for those who by their nature are more aware of the truth
and called to love.

The description presented in this session speaks to souls who are
spiritually childlike—sensitive souls who are a perfect reflection of
Christ on Earth as they are in Heaven. That is a description of you.
Undoubtedly what you are is far beyond those descriptions. But your
humanity is as important as your divinity. Therefore, knowing both
clearly is essential for you to live in the reality of who you are and
start expressing from it. This is the goal of God’s gift, this path full
of love and goodness.

You and everyone who will join this work—because of the spiritual energy
that will attract them—are crystalline children, beings who have come
into the world to bring the peace of God. They are in a physical body to
give love a face. They are the tenderness of the heavenly Mother and
divine purity mani- fested on the physical plane.

You will never understand all the feelings that egos have. Your nature
prevents you from understanding. Some acts performed in the world cannot
be understood by the love you are. Therefore you will never feel at ease
in a reality where love is trampled and truth attacked. That is part of
your nature.

Do not seek to understand what, because of the purity of your heart, you
cannot. Do not try to convince yourself that you can be anything other
than what God made you to be. Do not listen to the voices of a world
that wants to teach you that you should not be sensitive, for you would
suffer.

Your being is a divine child—a beautiful, innocent, pure child full of
love and kindness. A little one born of light that trembled when you had
to adapt to a world so alien to your nature that you could never achieve
it. Be glad it was so.

Holy child! Pure soul! You were created as a childlike soul, and as such
you will remain forever in the mind and heart of God. This cannot be
changed. You are forever the child of love. And because that is what you
are, we have traveled this path which leads to a greater knowledge of
spiritual childhood.

While everyone is called to live in the truth of what they are— and that
includes becoming like children to enter the Kingdom of Heaven—not
everyone is equal, nor do they reach truth in the same way. Love leads
one back home according to the different natures of each one’s heart.
The wisdom of Christ has created as many spiritual paths as are
necessary to lead each to their treasure, each soul to their food, each
being to their radiance.

## III. Christ Shines, Christ Lives, Christ Is

For you who receive these words, this is the path that fits you. Other
paths are for others. That is not a matter that should concern you.

Do not judge the paths that I give to other souls, nor seek to travel a
path that does not belong to you. What you need to live fully is here.

The beauty of your heart, the greatness of your spirit, the immensity of
your mind, and the love of Christ will do in you, and for you, what you
have so greatly desired. They will perform the miracle that allows you
to be fully yourself just as God created you to be, even here on Earth.
That way you start enjoying Heaven now.

There is no Heaven but you, because what you are is the holiness of
Christ. There is no beauty more dazzling than your good- ness, nothing
more sublime than the true feelings that God placed in your heart. So
much beauty! So much generosity! So many tears of love! Such sincere
desire to create a world where everyone is happy! So many prayers
offered to mitigate the pain of the world! So much love for God!

Your heart is Heaven because what you are is holiness. Your being is a
chest full of eternal treasures, many of which have manifested even in
this world. Many more will manifest, though not all. After all, the
world is a limited reality. Nevertheless, the precious gems of your
heart will be known and given to the universal consciousness for the
creation of the new Heaven and the new Earth. That is why you came to
the world. These words have been revealed to make you aware of this.

To heal is to return to truth, the truth of who you are. That is why,
despite the limitations of words, I have given you a description of
yourself, to remember who you are and to enjoy your being.

You are a child of crystalline nature, as pure and transparent as the
purest crystal. More vulnerable than a firefly at night. Stronger than a
solid oak. More loving than a hummingbird. More tender than a daisy full
of joy and vitality. Your mind loves truth and cannot live without it.
That is why you live in sincerity, and seek to protect holiness within
the holy tabernacle of being.

Child of life, you are not called to adapt to a world to which you could
never adapt. You did not come to dwell forever in a foreign land, you
came to bring the light of Heaven to a world that needs it. You came so
your sisters and brothers can see the face of God, the look of
innocence, the smile of purity, and the body of Christ. It is not the
world you serve; you serve love.

From all eternity, you were created as a pure child in the mind of
Christ and the heart of God, a divine unity full of the spirit of
holiness, and you remain so forever. That which you have decided in
union with God—to incarnate in a body to serve the purpose of love—can
never be tainted or canceled. Herein lies the source of your peace.

Sons and daughters of God, the mud of the world has not dirtied you.
Walking on the paths of humanity has not stained your innocent feet. Not
even the malice of the world could banish the goodness of your hearts.
Be glad for the tears shed. Honor the experience. Be aware that
everything has meaning. You know it well.

The brothers and sisters who have come your way throughout your life, as
well as the events you experienced, are what the plan decreed: that I
should join you to absorb what the source of beautiful love has
determined is necessary for the great transformation of universal
consciousness—a transformation that is creating a new humanity, a new
order already being manifested.

Stay in the joy of your being. You have found the way. You have
recognized the truth. Your being welcomes you, blesses you in its light.
It embraces you with love, and that hug includes all creation. The
goodness of your being, its purity and holiness, are changing reality.
They are creating a new world. Your innocence cleanses and removes fear
from hearts.

Just as others have come to confront and tear down structures for the
purpose of generating a new paradigm, you and the many who join us in
the frequency of crystalline conscious- ness are literally the exponent
of the manifestation of a world of harmony. You are the triumph of the
Immaculate Heart of Mary and the perfect expression of the victory of
Christ: the realiza- tion of love. To know this is to know yourself. To
know this is to be aware of the purpose of your existence in creation.

I ask you now to close your eyes and immerse yourself in the luminous
depths of your being. Let my words descend into you like precious stones
thrown into crystal clear water. Stay silent and allow the holiness that
you are to bring to your consciousness what it wishes to give.

Join the truth that is revealed here. Make it yours. Rejoice in it. Let
it do in you what it knows how to do. Rest in peace and remember:

<div markdown="1" class="statement over-indent">

You are life.<br>
You are holiness.<br>
You are the light of Christ.<br>
You are the perfect expression of unity.<br>
You are the we of love.<br>
You are the crystal child that God created.<br>
Always a child.<br>
Always pure.<br>
Always love.

</div>

