---
ref: "16"
title: "The Ascension Has Come"
subtitle: "A message from Archangel Raphael"
---

## I. Elevation and Truth

When we speak of Christ we are using a name that encompasses every name,
aiming at the sun of truth, the highest height of holiness. With this
our minds and hearts are being stretched to arrive at a place beyond
what we can imagine.

During earlier times, some beings came into the world perfectly
imprinted with the unity and truth of what they are. They were very few
in number. They were what they had to be within the plan, the design for
the work of God, in which there is a time for everything.

Such beings are incarnations of pure consciousness, extensions of
crystal consciousness that have manifested in all the realms of Earth—in
the human plane as well as in that of animals, plants, and elements.
They have been like sparks of divinity, flashes of light from the light
emanating from the consciousness of love.

Everything is consciousness. There is nothing else. What you see around
you with your physical eyes, as well as the sounds you hear with your
ears, is materialized consciousness. Remember this as a backdrop for
this session.

Both the totally fearful consciousness and the totally loving
consciousness manifest. One is the state in which consciousness seeks
to know the lack of love; the other is the knowledge of love as the only
reality. During this session we will not be concerned with discernment
between them, but will focus on the manifestation of Christ
consciousness.

From the moment that time began, the mechanism of fearful consciousness
was set in motion. The fallen creation that had conceived itself as
separate from love began to travel a path of restoration or ascension to
rise from the low realities of fear towards the consciousness of purity
and holiness, which is what life in the world is all about.

The Earth, planets, stars and everything that exists in the physical
universe was created as the perfect means for this elevation to take
place. Everything in it contributes perfectly to this purpose. That is
the reason, among others, that you have been told that you always
fulfill God’s purpose.

The life you live here and now has a very simple meaning and purpose: to
raise the consciousness of creation from a state of unconsciousness to
the fullness of the purity of love.

What is pure consciousness? It is the consciousness of love. Love and
purity are the same. Pure love is transparent, where everything is true
and authentic, where nothing can be hidden because it is the light of
holiness. Why would truth want to hide something from itself? Could
holiness be ashamed of what it is? For what reason would love keep
itself from knowing that it is the whole of everything?

Love is joy. It is also clarity. The fact that love is the purity of
light, a state in which what is created is seen transparently in the
serene beauty of truth, is what makes it impossible for fear to exist.
Remember, all fear comes from what is hidden, not seen, not understood
by the heart, rejected.

Only in the light of love can you understand why there is no other
light. The life you live on the physical plane is a path from darkness
to light, or from blindness to the vision of Christ. A crystalline being
is one who lives in complete communion with the truth of what it is. Let
me clarify this.

The being that was given to you, which you can call your human spirit or
immortal soul, is what makes you what you really are. Since what you are
is a manifestation of the pure love that God is, you cannot be anything
other than a being of purity whose essence is compassion, joy, and life.
In other words, you are radiant, colorful, and passionate about the
truth, a creator in unity with your source—healer, illuminator,
peacemaker, restorer, full and beautiful. And not only that, but within
your being is the lifting or elevating power of the self. What does that
mean? It means that you, like everyone else, are crystalline souls, full
of purity and goodness.

## II. Face to Face with the Truth

That you are holy cannot be in question, neither can the fact that you
cannot lose that state because it is eternal, since it comes from your
Creator. I seek here to put into words what you know but often forget.
Give me your imagination now. We will have it serve the truth.

Imagine that you are a being that has a form. Maybe it helps to imagine
the outline of your body. Visualize it as if transparent, something
like glass. Inside it shine colorful lights of great beauty, all in
pastel, serene tones, the same colors you see in a rainbow. The interior
lights move as if they were being

 driven by a harmonious melody. Colors represent energies manifested
from a reality that constitutes the essence of who you are. One color is
of the energy or power of compassion, the others of wisdom, holiness,
purity, magnanimity, and nobility of spirit. All emanate from the truth
of the being that you are. All are gathered within you, that is, within
love.

Because of who you are, you have inherent abilities derived from the
divine being from which you arose. You are like God, inherently divine,
one with what created and sustains you in existence. This is the truth
about who you are, the truth that makes you free.

What happens in many of my children is that they create a personality
that stands between what they are and the truth.

Imagine now that you are observing that body of pure crystal from which
shine the colors of a divine rainbow. Stay there. Keep observing. Unfold
that image as if that crystalline form is now duplicating itself. Now
put a body of the same form in front of it. This second body of the same
shape arises from the crystalline body and is no longer transparent.
It is a dense and compact body, like a black shadow, dark inside.

Stay with the vision of both forms: the crystalline body and the compact
body. One is full of transparency and light. The other is dark and
dense. Now we name each one. The crystalline form of pure light is your
true being; the dense form is what you call your personality, the
individual self. The dark form turns its back on the luminous body,
while the luminous body continuously contemplates the dense body.

Now the dark shape turns its head and comes face to face with the
crystal shape. The individual self looks at the crystalline being and
contemplates it for a moment. At first it does not recognize it. It
thinks, “What is that?” It remains motionless as it observes and
examines the body for a prolonged time. Then it ceases to think and
begins to see the beauty in front of its eyes.  Something triggers a
distant remembrance. Now the individual self begins to take a step, then
another, and another, towards what it observes. As it approaches the
crystalline being, it realizes that it is leaving the place of shadows
and entering a very bright and yet serene light.

As it enters the illuminated area, it begins to see the pure crystal
form more clearly and approaches without fear. The remembrance of “what
it is” becomes clearer and clearer—no longer a memory, but a certainty,
a knowing. The dense form begins to recognize and know very well the one
it contemplates. It approaches the beautiful being of light with
increasing haste. Reaching the zone of pure luminosity, so close to the
crystalline being that it can almost touch it, it can now see itself.
The individual self watches the crystalline being, scrutinizes it, and
observes its hand, whereupon another remembrance arises—the memory of
its own hand—and notices that they are identical.

The luminous being holds out its hand. The individual self stares and
realizes that it is the same hand as its own. They shake. Now the
individual self looks at the whole luminous body, which it can see
clearly. With happy amazement, it discovers that the entire body, not
only the hand, is identical.

The individual self takes a little distance and sees a beautiful crystal
on which its perfect beauty is reflected, as if in a pure mirror where
it can know itself. By seeing this reflection, the memory of “what it
is” becomes a certainty.

Let this vision remain in your memory and allow who you are to draw the
fruit of wisdom and truth from it.

The path of the world is one of awareness of who you are. It is the
means for you to stop turning your back on your being, and allow
yourself to be a perfect extension of it. The fall or separation
projected a false being on the truth and beauty of who you are. The
atonement means to cease doing so. How? By turning your gaze towards
your being, the living Christ that you really are. You will receive help
in doing this from Heaven and Earth.

Crystalline souls, the pure souls that inhabit the Earth among whom you
are now, have the goal of helping others begin to remember the vision of
Christ. In order to remember your true heights, turn towards their light
and contemplate their holiness. You enter the world remembering the
truth of their beings to a greater degree than others. Keep your
attention on the love they are. Your sights are on the higher self.
Because of your deep union with Christ, and your willingness to listen
and follow only that voice, you live in peace and know their holiness.

Crystalline souls that inhabit or have inhabited the physical world come
with the knowledge that they become one with what they join in union. By
knowing what they are and loving the truth, they know that everything
they join with becomes holy. For this they came. In this way they purify
Earth, heal wounds, and restore human nature. They contribute to the
creation of a new humanity, in which the self ceases to be a shadow and
returns to be the reflection of the beauty of Christ as it was always
conceived in the divine mind.

Remaining in union with their truth, crystalline souls contribute to the
elevation of form, which is but the raising of human consciousness and
physical creation towards the consciousness of love—returning to the
Father’s house. This is the ascension. This is the goal demonstrated by
Jesus and Mary. Both climbed to Heaven in glorious body and soul.

Jesus and Mary were not the only beings of pure crystal who walked the
Earth. But they were the only ones who came in that state and remained
always in it. The others became crystal along the way, some by a short
way, others longer, some by way of a winding trail, others straightaway.
There is no reason not to be a crystalline soul in the world. Everyone
is called to be and to live as such. The will to live in love is a
matter of free will but the portal of access to unity, the gateway to
the truth, is available here, now, and always for everyone.

## III. A New Christ Illuminating

It matters little whether you have had to travel certain paths in the
world to arrive at the recognition that you are a holy soul of pure
crystal. The essential thing is that you recognize that with your
arrival you are Christ humanized, because of your will and that of the
Father. Therefore you have the same purpose as Jesus, Mary, and all
humanized Christs whether they arrived yesteryear or now.

Jesus and Mary opened the doors of a new consciousness, made possible by
their will united with that of God, and the awareness of the crystalline
souls that preceded them on Earth. All of this allowed what was
previously manifested through an almost imperceptibly small number of
sisters and brothers to grow to a multitude today after the incarnation
of Christ in the figure of both Jesus and Mary.

Crystal souls abound in today’s world! The Earth is full of Christs.
This work testifies to it. In what other way could it have been
conceived, shared, created, and manifested but by the grace of the union
of Heaven and Earth through hands all made for Christ?

Being aware of the love you are, and living forever connected with that
awareness, causes you live in truth and make the personal self one with
being, through which love is your only experience and reality.

The ego is not, properly speaking, a being, but an idea about your
being. An idea cannot by itself come to life, nor produce any effect.
Remember that in order for ideas to be able to manifest themselves and
cause some effect, they must join the will, which is possible only if
you give yourself completely to them. Since your true will is one with
God’s will, it is impossible for your will to be entirely dedicated to
an idea far from the truth. What seemed to want an illusion to manifest
was not actually your will but simply a wish. Remember that the will
does not want; it has.

Once you are firmly on your way to the light, the truth becomes present
and you cannot but abandon everything contrary to it. For once the truth
is accepted in your mind and heart, there is no longer reason for the
beauty of holiness that you are, its purity and its joy, not to be
reflected by the self. The notion that your humanity cannot be the
perfect reflection of God has been an excuse used for centuries. Jesus
and Mary came to demonstrate the falsity of that belief.

Recognize that the Immaculate Heart of Mary and the Sacred Heart of
Jesus knew no shadow of separation, which made it possible for human
nature to be united with the divine. They are the union of both human
and divine natures in form. In them everything of God meets—everything
that exists, moves, and is, including me in my angelic reality. They are
divine consciousness in all possible and probable consciousnesses. If
by the will of the Father there were to be created another being that
decides to separate from love, Jesus and Mary would guarantee that it
can return to unity. Thus they have been called redeemers.

Two major obstacles on your way to the recognition of your holiness have
been that the redeemers were not always pure, and that you were not
always pure. This was due to a misunderstanding. Although time is an
illusion, those who believe in its reality have trouble thinking in
terms of an eternal present. For you who have left behind the fixation
on the limiting idea of time, it is easier to accept that what you have
been in the past is now irrelevant, as well as what you think you should
be in the future. God has no time. Love is now.

The One who gave you life has no such thing as a cognitive memory, nor a
creative imagination. Without memory or imagination, where can a past
or a future be? What would they mean? Memory, after all, is the
reservoir of the past, and imagination the reservoir of the future.

By abandoning the false belief that the past and the future can have
real effects in the present, you will save yourself the useless effort
of the separated mind, which believed it had to experience to atone for
the guilt it had invented—a notion without any connection to truth. The
being you really are has no past or future. It always existed. There is
no place where I am not, nor a time when it was not as it was created to
be.

What is subject to the laws of time is not being, but the personality
and the physical body. That they change is not a problem. Your
physiognomy changes as the hours go by, but life does not change. The
only problem, which has been corrected, was the belief that you were the
personality and body. If you think you are your personality instead of
understanding it simply to be a reflection in form, you confuse things.
You have abandoned that confusion. Having set aside your
misidentification with the ego-body, you begin to realize that you can
have a self, that you need to have a self, but that it need not hinder
your happiness.

I am speaking of the misunderstood ego, not of the ego itself, but as an
idea of a self. Undoubtedly you need a self. You need it because God
created you as a being that differs from Himself, without needing to
stop being the love it is. Ultimately this is what Jesus and Mary have
shown as they remained always united to truth. They lived with a
personality and a body, a human self completely united to the divine
being.

The only problem that needs correction is that of fabricating a self
different from the true self. That mistake came about when you tried to
differentiate yourself from God or being. It was completely unnecessary.
All that was needed was to allow the self to be a reflection of the true
self, because your being already is the differentiation that God
created—you are unique and unrepeatable.

Once you understand the nature of the fundamental error as revealed
here, and you recognize that the solution has already manifested by
virtue of the love of Christ, why continue to believe that an error of
the past can have a current effect?

You know that the atonement has been given, and that you live in the
light of truth. Because that is true—and I assure you it is—now is when
you are as Christ is, both in being and in self. Therefore, now you are
a Christ soul who walks the Earth just as those did who, for perfect
love, showed the way of being, who walked in fullness, and thus opened
the doors of Heaven.

There is no reason for you to express anything other than purity,
holiness, fullness, wisdom, compassion, magnanimity, nobility of spirit,
and all the other shades of color that emanate from the beauty of your
Christ being. In that expression lies the union of your person with your
being—that is, the self with the being. In the free expression of who
you really are, you fully become a person since you become it in the
manner of God. You unite within yourself what God wants: to join the
physical universe and reintegrate it into the consciousness of Christ.
In doing so, you raise collective and individual consciousness.

Crystal souls are not much understood by the world. Yet every day the
world integrates them more, since they are increasing in number and
because the effects of Christ consciousness are already very visible.
Many Christs now walk the Earth. They increase the flow that emanates
from the heart of God. They embrace the dimensions of time and space so
that the physical universe is transformed with greater acceleration.
This is the reason for events precipitating with more and more speed,
strength, and intensity. And this will increase.

Christ consciousness is what we are talking about. It sees only what is
one with love. The rest simply is not seen, and therefore not extended.
To remain in divine consciousness is to dedicate yourself to extend what
is one with you, that is, love. That is how you create a new world based
on the truth that is not of the world. Thus you unite Earth and Heaven.
You make visible the unity that you have always been, even if it has
been unrecognized.

