---
ref: "8"
title: "The Golden Cages"
subtitle: "A message from Jesus, identifying himself as the Living
Christ who lives in you"
---

## I. Let the Nightingale Sing

Beloved child, today I have come once again, full of tenderness, joy,
and holiness. I make myself present in your reality as you are now, to
join those who yearn to live the love they really are.

I have said that I am the truth, the way, and the life. Now I will speak
of the dimension of truth, that part of the triune reality that is my
being and all being.  Let those who can understand, understand. Those
who do not, let them hold my hand and become one with the confidence
of perfect certainty that surpasses all worldly logic, the confidence of
the Supreme Being who created everything and in whose wisdom all life is
subject to the laws of a love without opposite. Herein is a trust that
knows that if God has placed in your heart that which you so long for,
it is because God created in advance everything necessary for that
yearning to be fully fulfilled.

It is impossible for love to call you and then abandon you. In fact,
love does not abandon even those who turn their backs.

These words, spoken with love and simplicity, are addressed to those who
have made the decision to be themselves authentically, faithfully
following the call of being, the call of the heart, to live as the real
being.

Soul in love! Child of holiness! How many times have you felt that stab
in your heart, wanting to be yourself and not been able to? How many
social mandates have imprisoned the nightingale? How many golden cages
exist! Their bars are built of fear. How many tears have been shed for
not being able to be true? Oh beloved child, now that you have been
released from the cage of fear, you can gently understand what is being
said here.

A great temptation for those who sincerely seek to follow the way of
being—which is but the way of authenticity of the heart— is the belief
that security must be obtained in the manner of the world. I will
explain.

The world is a great thinking system designed by the mind, and it
includes a subsystem of thought whose aim is to create a sense of
security. Its foundation is fear. I repeat, fear is the cornerstone of
expressions that seek security. This must be fully understood.

Those who have not yet freed themselves from the golden cage built by
the world that imprisons their minds and hearts, and have not yet
realized how much limitation and suffering this brings, and cannot
accept those who live in freedom. It has always been this way. It is
part of a misguided longing that exists in the hearts of slaves. Those
still dominated by others and who cannot exercise their freedom, long
for the breadth of those who fly freely through the wide sky. That
longing can turn into an anger of such magnitude that they may seek to
cancel the nightingale.

The desire to be free exists in every heart. Even if you try to deny it,
your being will impel your soul to fly the flight of spirit into the
arms of its beloved truth. The mind will not rest in peace until it
lives in truth; the heart will not be in peace until it rests in the
arms of love. Why? Because in truth and love the mind and heart are
reintegrated into being and thus the being can be full.

Think, child of my heart, and try to conceive a being without a mind or
heart. If it were possible, it would be incomplete, mutilated, like a
beautiful bird without wings. How much sadness afflicts the heart even
to contemplate such a vision! However, my beloved, the nightingale can
always fly, for a being cannot lose its wings.

Two thousand years ago I came to open the doors of every cage that
imprisons hearts. The prison door is now open, ready for everyone to go
out and enjoy the majestic flight of freedom of expression. There are no
longer reasons to strive to be free, for you are already free. And now
you know the way because you know your heart. You know what your heart
would like to do in your life, here and now. You know what you want even
though that desire may not yet have a completely defined form.

## II. Fear of Flying

The cage door is open. The nightingale will never again return to it to
drink the stagnant water or to eat the stale food. Now she will be fed
by love, and will drink from the crystalline waters of truth until her
thirst for wisdom and being is quenched forever.

Those who have not yet stripped away enough of their fear cannot fully
remember the joy of freedom. They still feel safe with their life
structures which have been created and recreated for centuries to
provide a sense of security. They cling to them as a castaway in stormy
waters clings to the twig of a weak reed even though these structures
have nothing to do with truth. These brothers and sisters, like you once
upon a time, need help to abandon fear and choose only love. How that
will be accomplished is not your business, but is the business of God
and of each soul.

What I most desire in this session is that you become aware that the
path of being has its difficulties, difficulties that cease to exist as
you move through them. I do not say this to discourage you, but so that,
when they arise, you remember my words of love and truth. Do not worry
about them. They also have a purpose— to reaffirm your path.

Those who have been locked up in golden cages for so long cannot fully
remember the joy of flying freely in the vastness of a limitless
universe. They fear the breadth of being. This fear is really the fear
of heights of which we have already spoken. Some deny this fear and dare
not to look up at the sky to see the beauty of birds of flight.

There are also hearts that, having headed towards this path of being,
have seen the birds fly high in the flight of beautiful love without the
mandates or laws that imprison, but who begin to feel a vertigo—and this
can be very literal—that causes them to lose stability. They are not yet
ready to fly. They must be willing to walk for a while until love itself
teaches them to spread their wings of freedom. My beloved, I assure you
that those hearts too will fly in due time, as do the nightingale’s
little chicks once they learn to launch themselves. They will become big
hearts full of beauty and holiness. They will be lights that illumine
the world. They will be living expressions of God’s love.

As long as the world continues to exist as a system of thought, there
will continue to be temptations to leave the narrow path— the path of
being yourself, guided by the dictates of your heart rather than
external mandates or the fear of not having enough.

Being has no structure. Neither has love. Herein lies the greatest
difficulty for many. There is no recipe for this path, no structure, no
preordained plans. The old default is not the truth of creation, and the
future does not exist except in one’s imagination. The future is about
to be created. Every day you create anew.

The future can seem scary when seen through the eyes of the fearful
thought system. Many see only death and annihilation. From the
perspective of illusion the future is uncertain, insecure, a reason to
panic. Many people live in such fear.

Once you decide to travel the path of being, you must be steadfast in
the truth of who you are rather than listening to what others dictate.
Your desire to be will now become the incentive of your life, the fuel
that keeps the fire of love for who you are burning. You will want to
shout to the world, “I exist and I am love”!

## III. What Bliss Is Certainty

Your only certainty is the certainty of who you really are. Nothing else
can be certain because all the rest is pure illusion. The only thing
true for you, and for every living being, is who you really are.

Once you know who you are, you know what you want and live in the
security of being. In that certainty of true identity resides all
security for mind and heart. Those who have arrived here no longer seek
certainty in external things, such as money, relationships, material
goods, or recognition—things that do not come from within.

Once you love yourself you begin to realize that you are not a dreamer
disconnected from reality, and that your dreams of freedom, love, and
joy are fulfilled here, now, and forever. You are a free soul. You know
you have the ability to bring love to the world—to make a whole heaven.
You know it because you have discovered Heaven in your heart.

Minds not freed from fear will tell you that you are naive, even a
little crazy, and do not know what life is about. They may do so very
roughly. Minds separated from being cannot understand the beauty of
being, or how much joy the heart feels in love.

Souls that hear the voice of the divine beloved jump, sing, and vibrate.
They feel a peace that nothing in the world can offer. She knows she is
loved like nothing and no one else can ever love her. She is free. A
soul that has found love has found everything. Souls that express the
truth of what they are glorify God. They are the delight of creation,
God’s greatest work.

The soul that has found itself in love and truth knows that everything
said here is true. They need not be told; they experience it, they
know it, they are it. They are happy to live in the truth of what they
are. Search and you will find, because the path is yourself. You
recognize the truth, the way, and the life— eternal life, an endless
expression of what is. You have reached the truth. You are free.

For the heart that has discovered the truth about itself there are no
limitations because it is one with spirit and truth. Therefore nothing
is impossible. It is endowed with the power of Heaven and Earth. It is
embedded in truth, the source of all certainty.

You who have come here, allow me to take you with sweetness and love
towards a reality that you have known through revelation, even if you
have not always put it in clear words, so that it passes into your
conscious understanding in a way that the mind can understand.

You know, because you have experienced it yourself, that there is food
for the body and other food for the soul. The heart is thirsty for love;
the mind is hungry; the body needs bread. This is why every so often it
is as if you cannot stop reading the words of wisdom that come, either
from a spiritual master, or from someone who conveys a knowledge that
you know is true. This is also why you cannot stop listening to some
music, or enjoying artistic expression.

You have already realized that this is what makes millions of sisters
and brothers across the Earth search for the joy of seeing works of art
or spiritual expression, whether religious or otherwise. All this
points to the non-bodily part of your being.

I intend to help you see clearly that the world has overly concentrated
on bodily food, often neglecting matters of the heart. This has led
humanity to see itself as incomplete. If you only dedicate your efforts
to nourish and dress the body, heedless of what happens with the mind,
heart, and spirit, you will be unable to live fully. You are not just a
body. You are much more. That “more” you are is the immortal soul, that
immaterial part of you that makes you who you really are. You know this
well, but what you do not usually keep in mind is that you, yourself,
are called to be food for others.

## IV. Feed the Hungry

Ihave said that whoever ate of my flesh and drank of my blood would
inherit eternal life. I also said, “take my body, take my blood.” Now
you can understand to a greater degree what I gave humanity two thousand
years ago, for love and in truth.

When you behold a beautiful sculpture and let yourself be immersed in
the beauty expressed by the sculptor, your heart is ecstatic and comes
close to the ecstasy of the mystics. This occurs similarly when you
listen to certain music, or when you read what you recognize as wisdom
not of the world.

That feeling is of the heart finding love. It is a feeling of not being
in the world, but a flight of the soul towards the heaven of union. It
is a feeling of fullness, of perfect unity, both heady and loving, a
state you wish never to leave. “Here I want to stay,” says a heart in
love with love and a mind ecstatic with truth. The senses are also
affected. That is why when you contemplate such a work of art or listen
to a song that touched your heart, your attention is rapt. You could
spend hours attending to what so captivated your attention. Why?

Try to remember times when this has happened to you. You may not have
had such ecstasy when contemplating art or music, but certainly you have
had it, perhaps when you were recognizing love in a brother or sister,
or at the birth of a child that filled you with tenderness and amazement
at the miracle of life. Perhaps you were speechless with the
magnificence of nature, or the moral nobility of someone whose spirit
snatched your soul and left you wrapped in the desire to elevate
yourself to that sacred place.

All such experiences are mystical, times when you joined your true self.
By joining who you are, you felt the joy of the unity of being and
annulled any feeling of separation.

The mind, the heart, the memory, the understanding, the imagination, the
will, the heart—that is, all aspects of spirit that together we call the
soul—need to be fed, just as the body needs food. Not to feed the soul
of your sisters and brothers is to let them starve, literally. Without
love and truth, the soul faints. One simply cannot live without love,
nor without truth.

Could a world without love in which there is only deception and in which
the truth is entirely absent still exist? Obviously not. It would
extinguish itself for lack of love. It could not work because laws not
based on truth are those of chaos. Nothing can sustain in chaos. Truly I
tell you that the world exists because love and truth came to it and
will remain in it forever. Otherwise it would have long since
annihilated itself.

You are food for souls. That is your function. Providing food for the
body is the role for some. You who are treading this Earth need to
ponder this message calmly. Meditate on it with your heart united to
reason, so that love and truth shine in your consciousness in all their
glory. Without the expressions of love, wisdom, and truth that flow from
you, the world would be deprived of an essential food, regardless of
whether or not this is consciously recognized by the guests invited to
the banquet of life.

If spirituality were removed from the world’s art, if music and dance
were extinguished, cathedrals and songs of praise to the creator
exterminated from the lovers who pray to bring Heaven to Earth, if God’s
masterpieces of the lilies of the field, the exuberance of the rose,
and the harmonies of water and other expressions of the Creator’s love
were gone, what would you have? Hell.

Can you begin to glimpse the importance of the path of being yourself?

My beloved, beauty of my heart! Through your expressions of truth based
on who you are, you not only illuminate the world, but you feed souls
hungry for beauty, harmony, love, and heavenly wisdom. This is how you
become another self, how you become one with me. Now you are true
sustenance, for whoever comes to eat and drink from you inherits eternal
life.

With joy and in truth I tell you: whoever eats of you, eats of me, and
whoever eats of me will have the life of my Father in Heaven and will
enjoy eternity in our company.

My beloved, you who have chosen only love are prepared to be on the path
of being. Feed hearts hungry for love, minds thirsty for truth. Announce
peace. Radiate beauty, holiness, and fulfillment. Be happy being who you
really are. Recognize in yourself the beauty of God. Call on everyone to
sing, dance, and praise life.

Let the world know you, so that it knows me.

