---
ref: "5"
title: "New Forms of Love"
subtitle: "A message from the Voice of Christ through a choir of
Angels, in the presence of Archangel Raphael and Archangel Gabriel"
---

## I. The Honesty of Being

The path of being is not about a personality trying to be. Do not be
confused, for the personality is as temporary as the body. It will
remain in the realm of time beyond its utility for realizing your path.
Everything of time will cease to be in time; what is of eternity is
eternal. This is a simple truth.

To express who you really are and not from illusion is to express the
living Christ who lives in you. That is to say, perfect love. As we have
said, often the anger you feel comes from the belief that your
expression is autonomous, that is, that your feelings and thoughts are
not your own, an old mental mechanism in which you sought not to take
responsibility for your life and justified your anger by telling
yourself and God that you were at the mercy of forces you could not
control.

The path of being sets aside the belief that you are not responsible
for what you feel, think, and experience. You assume full responsibility
for your mental processes and for what your heart feels. You are also
aware that you have the ability to choose. Consequently you accept the
directions you have chosen and that not all of them gave you happiness,
although some did. You no longer seek to convince yourself that the life
you lived was wonderful and the world is a paradise, when in fact you
know it is not, even though it can be transformed by love.

The difficulty of the path of being comes from the fear of truth. You
believe, although perhaps not very consciously, that if you always live
in truth, you will somehow be punished for a world devoid of sincerity.
It does not have to be that way.

The time has passed when the forces of ego attacked the truth with all
their ferocity. There is no battle to win; it has already been won. You
live in new times now, times of the fullness of being. Even though the
world continues to look quite similar to that of yesteryear, the times
now have nothing to do with what was previously.

Now you can express what I Am because you have completed the necessary
path to make this possible. As we have repeatedly said, the paths
traveled prior to path of being must be set aside once finished. Their
function was to bring you here. If you keep remembering a trip you did a
long time ago, it is not traveling but simply remembering what is not
here. That is not the kind of memory that this work seeks to bring to
consciousness through the healing of memory. The memory that this work
has established is the remembrance of who you are—the memory of God.

You can only know yourself by knowing yourself as God knows you, because
God is the knowledge and the known. Therefore anything you think about
yourself or your sisters and brothers that is not in perfect union with
the Creator’s knowledge is alien to truth. There can be no half measures
about this. Either you know yourself through Knowledge, or you do not
know yourself. This is the same as saying that you either love with the
only love that exists, the love of God, or you do not really love.
Likewise, either you are what I Am or you are nothing, since I am the
being that is.

Reflecting me is expressing your being. Allowing the love I am to
manifest is making yourself known. Drowning my expression denies your
expression. The perfect means to access the knowledge of your being is
that of pure, perfect love.

What does it mean to love with perfect love? It means to love in union
with me. It means that the expression of who you are will rise from our
divine relationship. That is why you first had to become aware and
recognize the relationship we have to be able to express yourself
authentically.

We are not advocating a certain personality, although once you decide to
walk the path of being firmly, without doubt, the personality
participates, as does the body and the universe as a whole, just as when
you denied your truth. Remember, the personality and the body are
expressions, not causes, although in turn they can cause other things in
the world.

Do not confuse the art showroom with the artist who paints the works
exhibited there. The room itself has no meaning except as a place for
various artists to exhibit their work for a time, after which others
come and display theirs. When no one needs to exhibit their work, the
room will simply cease to have value and will eventually disappear,
returning to nothingness, or more accurately, to the source of the being
from which it came.

Notice that we have associated nothingness with the source of being.
This was not casual. Each of my words is chosen consciously to cause the
effect that my heart seeks to create in yours and in everyone’s. What is
meant by this association is that what you consider nothingness, or the
unexpressed, is the source from which the manifested arises. Expression
manifests itself and then returns to its source. Upon returning, it
ceases to be visible in the way it was, and becomes visible in a new
way. If expression arises from its source, that is, from the will to
express, and that will is eternal, then so must be the manifestation.
Simply put, being expresses itself eternally because it is eternal.

Death cannot exist in any of its conceptions, because the source of
being is eternal. What you call finality, or death, is but a
transformation in the way of expressing the consciousness of being. This
is easily understood if you accept that your body, your personality, and
what you do in the world are effects of a cause that resides in your
mind and heart. As expressions of who you are, they are your creations,
so what happens in what you call death is that you one form of
expression makes way for a new one.

The new form of expression after what you call death does not differ in
essence with what you express now, but only in form. Does this mean that
some kind of form is eternal? Yes. That is exactly what we are saying.
What never dies is the will to express and the need for manifesting
being, along with the way to do so. Form is eternal in the sense that
the eternal being always finds ways of expressing itself. The body, the
personality, and the human form is one way. There are endless others.

## II. Media and Expression

In our analogy, the material universe is an exhibition hall where
certain types of form are displayed. In this sense, the universe is also
a form of expression which allows multiple ways of being to manifest. If
the exhibition hall did not exist, the artwork could not be displayed
and known. The expression could not be given, buried in the desire to be
but could not, like a seed that has never been planted.

If the universe is a form of expression whose purpose is to provide the
means for you to manifest yourself in a particular way—both you and the
countless beings who have decided to exhibit their work—we must accept
that a form of expression is both the effect of the will to express
itself and a means for other expressions. Cause and effect are one.

You yourself are a universe encompassing the will to express, the means
for carrying out that will, and the expression itself. In other words,
you are the alpha and the omega, just as God is. You are the cause and
effect of your will to be.

Does being cease to be what it is when it finds new ways to express
itself? Do you stop being who you are when sometimes you speak in one
language and on other occasions in a different language? Obviously not.
What was not so obvious to you prior to having entered the path of
being, on which we are taking the first steps together, is that what you
call your life is but an expression.

The body is a means of expression. Personality is a means of expression.
The world is a means of expression. Relationships are a means of
expression. Creation as a form of manifestation is a means of
expression.

If an expression is an effect of a particular cause, then it makes no
sense to focus much on it to discern its value. Form always has the same
value. It is simply a means of expression. It serves the purpose of
manifesting. Being will always manifest in one way or another.

You know them by their expressions. A unity exists between expression
and being. Recognizing this association is essential; if you separate
a manifestation from its source you will not recognize yourself, because
if you separate the expression from the will of the being to express
itself, you leave the state of union. And when you leave that state, you
create an illusory reality of separation. Simply put, if you want to be
a separate being, your manifestations will reflect that desire, and for
that expression to exist there must also be a hall where they can be
exhibited.

 If your will disposes you to live in the truth of who you are, your
expressions will reflect love because of who you are. To recognize the
union between being and the will to express being, is to recognize the
unity that exists between God and your being. Love created you as a
result of your willingness to spread, or express yourself. In this
sense, you exist because you are a very concrete way that God arranged
to express Her love. You, in turn, create your expressions of who you
are because of your willingness to express yourself just as God does. In
the manifestation is also the unmanifest, since it is but its expres-
sion. Therefore, Creator and created are one.

You are one with your creations; they speak of you as eloquently as a
symphony. The creations or expressions of who you are that were born in
time will disappear in due time. Those born in the eternal will be
eternal. Here you find a source of peace. What is expressed from a place
that is not love is temporary, an expression that can only be
exhibited in an illusory universe that does not comes from the truth of
who you are. But what manifests as the effect of love is eternal because
of what love is: having not been born in time, it does not die in time.

## III. Be Unfeasible

Now we connect the truth of who you are with your function. We have
already said on several occasions that both are a unit and cannot be
dissociated. Your function as a being of pure love is to be. It cannot
be described in any other way because love simply is. The only thing
love does is to be who it is. For that it must be known and extended,
through creating ways to manifest itself. Since love is eternal, the
forms of love’s manifestation will be eternal. You are one of such
forms, as is a rose, the songs of birds, and the melodies of the waters.

When you contemplate the beauty of a heron standing on the bank of a
river, say to yourself, “That beautiful form has created love to make
itself known. The beauty in her is in the love that shaped her.” By
doing so you will begin to make a habit of uniting the expression with
the being that created it to make itself known. Doing so, you remain in
unity, and soon you will find yourself reluctant to deny the direct
relationship that exists between your own expression and who you are.
And oh, the miracle! Without realizing it, you will discover with happy
amazement that you will begin to see yourself creating multiple ways of
expressing love.

Creating new love in every moment is your only function. There is no
other will of your being of pure love than to extend itself. Therefore,
rather than looking to do ingenious things, you will create new ways of
expressing the love that we are together. Nothing can limit your
determination to create new ways of extending the love you are, whether
by preparing a dinner to give love to the diners, by resting the body
that asks for a break, by saying no to the wishes of others if your
heart tells you that it would bring harm, or simply by smiling with
sweetness and love.

Can you see how many ways there are to extend the love that you are? You
cannot, because they are unlimited. You can extend love with thoughts
and feelings without any need to do more. Remember, love is not
something you do, it is what you are. Nevertheless, your actions will be
in unity with the love you are. Being and doing will cease to be seen as
separate realities and will be recognized as the same reality they
actually are.

What a joy it is to know that through expression we can know being! How
much joy there is in our hearts now that we recognize that the Creator
speaks to us through creation. Each cloud will speak to us of love. Each
gust of wind will sing melodies of love. Every drop of water will show
the purity of love. The whispers of love will no longer be dim like
moonlight, but like melodious songs that the mind and heart hear with
gratitude. As never before, everything we see will tell us of God. You
will recognize that love surrounds you everywhere, that you live, move,
and exist in it.

A true creator creates new ways to extend love. This function is
inherent in your being and need not be postponed or limited. Your heart
wants more than anything to spread love constantly, because it knows
that giving love is how it widens, spreads, and broadens with more and
more love. It is endless.

Your mind creates new ways of extending love, as much as your heart. It
will create new ways of being, all united to the will of God.

If you are love, and your being creates new ways of extending love, then
you are really creating new ways of extending yourself. This is the same
as God and all beings. When we speak of true creation, what is being
created is different ways of extending the being you are. That extension
is produced through the mind integrated with the heart.

When you extend the love you are more and more, you grow great; when you
stop extending it, you shrink. Remember, love is expansion, growth,
extension, to be more and more, to grow in greatness and holiness, bliss
and fullness, an eternal growth of perfect love.

You will be what you should be or you will not be anything; that is, you
will be love or you will not be at all, for only love is. Expressing
love in countless ways is the way of being, a path full of beauty and
truth.

Be glad you have come here, for now the integrity you have achieved will
allow you to express yourself as you really are, with all the tenderness
and wisdom of your heart, and the beauty of your being. You will be
increasingly aware of the beauty you are and of the gift you are to the
world. You will move from astonishment to reverence, living in
discernment, recognizing that what is not an extension of love is
nothing and what is an extension of love is everything. There will be
no fear, for there will be no reason to fear. You will recognize with
serenity and peace that nothing can stop you from being and expressing
the truth that you are. You know that you are love and that love can be
expressed in every moment.

What a joy it is to be able to lay down the burden from your shoulders
and perform eloquent works of the expression of love! All love praises
God. Even the slightest whisper of wind is an expression of the purity
of love.

What a great rest you feel, knowing that you need do nothing!

 How much freedom the mind knows when all it takes is to be oneself as
the wisdom of the heart dictates!

Open your mind and heart. Enjoy the beauty of your being of pure love.
Let what you are speak of love and show your greatness. Let love
spread by itself. It knows how.

