---
ref: "1"
title: "New Melodies of Love"
subtitle: "A message from Jesus, identifying himself as 'the living
Christ who lives in you'"
---

## I. A Clear Sky

Blessed soul, beauty of eternal life! Here we are, united in a time and
place that has merged into the eternal. Together we are the light of the
world. United we are the sun of life. From our relationship of pure
love, a new reality has been born, a reality pure and holy. We are one
mind, one heart, one holy being. In our unity we are as we have always
been— the immutability of being, expressing itself forever in glory.

We have arrived together at this sacred point, a point without beginning
or end, where the universe and all creation that emanated from my
divinity converge because of our holy love. We have reached the peak of
holiness. Nothing and no one can exceed in height the elevation of this
blessed place where we have arrived, holding hands, hearts melting,
having entered the abode of being.

Let us be silent for a moment. Leave your sandals behind. Be barefoot.
The wind of a new life blows, a breath of love renewing the face of the
Earth. Come as the soul that you are, always open to discover the
wondrous creations of your Mother-Father, the blessed gifts that love
gives in every moment. Come ready to receive. Come willing to give. Come
ready to serve.

I brought you to this port of departure through the invisible threads
of my divinity, golden threads of purity, love, and truth that are felt
but not seen. The breath of my Divine Love has moved your boat from the
waters of oblivion to the serene currents of living water in which we
now sail together in joy and peace.

You have arrived at a time in your life more magnificent than you can
imagine. Neither the world’s greatest treasures nor the majesties of
creation can be compared to what is being created here as the fruit of
our union. You have reached the abode of being.

A new song has been born in Heaven, a new light shines in the universe,
a new melody of love is sung by the angels of God. It is the hymn of joy
for your arrival at the portal of the path of being, a road without
equal, a road that awaited your arrival as much as a mother looks
forward to the birth of her beloved child.

There is no room for madness here, nor for the tempest of rough seas.
Here there is only life, peace, and creation. Nothing will disturb your
mind or heart anymore, since everything that afflicted your soul has
been forgotten forever, erased from the memory of your heart in love.
Now there will only be expressions of being, extensions of love, and
unlimited giving serving the cause and effect of love.

Beloved, you have come to the land of Heaven. Tell me: what other
purpose could the way of being have but to serve love?

I reveal the divine beloved. How much joy my heart feels to know that we
will enjoy together, in unity with all, the free expression of your
being! How much joy is in the sweet recognition of the beauty that you
are, and in your free determination to live forever immersed in this
truth that set you free. Truly, truly, I tell you, to contemplate the
most beautiful of sunsets is a pale flash compared to the beauty of the
sky of your holy being.

Oh, joy of souls who have returned to truth, who sing new melodies of
love incessantly. Their music beautifies Heaven and Earth with songs of
praise to life. They live happily in the arms of their beloved. They
beam sweetness in their path and their purity of heart emanates from
their reality. They are living expressions of love.

Child of the wind and the sun, delight of my heart! Remember now that
the being that you really are is what every truth-seeker has been
looking for and that for which every lover yearning for eternal love
longed. The desired unity was union with your being, a union between you
and me in which we both merge into an “us” that extends the reality of
love.

Here is only truth with no room for illusion. Here is creation. Here is
an expression of purity and holiness. Here is reality. Here you and I
live intertwined by the invisible thread of perfect love. There is no
longer room for the temptations that one day led my beloved to think
that she had to focus her life on survival, recognition of others,
acceptance of peers, life plans—things that had nothing to do with the
blessed expression of her being. All that is far behind, beyond memory.

Now the road is clear. The cloudless sky is revealed in all its beauty,
your mind cleared of everything not true about yourself. Now your mind
is in a position to receive truth and accept it in perfect unity with
your heart. There is no resistance any more, only the joy of being. My
powerful desire is to express a love not of the world but of a heart
that lives in love, in love with love, in love with Christ. A loving
heart burning with the perennial desire of union.

Now this desire has become a flame that emanates from the very center of
the being that you really are, the same flame with which life has been
created and is sustained. It is the fire of God, burning endlessly in
hearts at the center of creation, a holy fire that gives warmth to the
being and extends its sweetness to everything surrounding it.

## II. The Music of the Heart

Listen now to the song of the lover and the beloved. Hear how from our
union arise hymns of praise and gratitude, melodies of Heaven sung in
the heart given to the ardor of creative love. This music of the soul is
available to all. New notes are discovered, new tones expressed, new
colors painted. The novelty of unique expressions of your being become
increasingly visible, even to the senses of the physical body.

Your humanity is now a divine explosion, a being expressing holiness.
What other purpose can love have, but to extend itself eternally?

What a joy it is to be certain. How much joy abides in our heart! We
sing with immense gratitude for having reached the path that allows an
unequivocal sense of happiness as well as a deep and sincere certainty
of purpose.

Bliss, fullness, and meaning: these are the three sisters who will
accompany us forever as a most holy trinity. Many hearts will be
attracted to beautiful love upon hearing our song. They will recognize
in our expression the sweetness of love, the intensity of the fire of
our union. Whoever looks at us will be captivated by the memory that
resides in their most pure souls, the memory of first love, the love of
the Creator.

You, blessed souls who receive the warmth of our union, recognize that
in union with the love that I am in truth resides your happiness and
fulfillment. You who gracefully receive these words of the divine
beloved, know and accept that you are the souls most called to love.
This is a gift and a mission.

Like pure flowers you have come into the world to beautify the garden of
the beloved. You know love. Your heart has been wounded. You have cried
in the absence of beauty and holiness. You have tirelessly sought for
love that would give you security in an insecure world. Against all odds
you fought to follow your destiny, and not follow who others say you
should be. Do you think all of this is by chance? You know otherwise.

Dear blessed recipients of these words, your way of feeling and being is
the means by which my Sacred Heart, in union with the Immaculate Heart
of Mary, will be expressed on Earth, opening a portal of pure light and
truth. You are an open channel to Heaven through which the flow of
Divine Love will enter with increasing luminosity and create a new
reality. All will occur through your free expression of the holiness you
truly are. You know how to love passionately. You know where love
resides. Your hearts are as sweet as honey and as powerful as a lion’s
roar.

Dear souls that have chosen only love, to each of you I address my words
of eternal life. From Heaven I write through this helping hand to tell
you in this particular way how much I love you, how beautiful your
hearts are, and how much joy you give my being. You are the delight of
my divinity. In your holy minds and your loving hearts I find my
contentment, nested forever in my holy abode.

Dear hearts of love, joy of Heaven, passion of life, you are the
salvation of the world. You are the hope that does not disappoint. You
are the guarantee of the Second Coming of Christ, for I live only in
hearts consumed in Divine Love. I also live in hearts that rejoice in
the ability to love and be loved, hearts that smile even in the midst of
the world’s challenges, because at the center of their being they
recognize that love lives in them. They have ignited in the fire of
beautiful love.

My abode also arises in those who have made truth their only reality,
those who have accepted that they are holy, beautiful, perfect, and
eternally innocent. They are a gift from Heaven to Earth. They are the
treasures of my Divine Love, brought into the world so it knows the
beauty of God’s love, a love that has no opposite.

You who receive these words, realize that you have a mission without
equal. Your function now is to bring your sisters and brothers to this
place you have reached—the place where the free expression of the power
of the love that you really are manifests in all its glory. A place of
pure expression. A place where everyone will be what they really are,
and express that truth. A place of freedom and tenderness. A place of
breadth. A place of holy acceptance and inclusion. A place of endless
joy.

Can you begin to imagine how many beautiful pictures will now be
painted? New paintings, full of beauty and purity? Can you begin to
imagine the beauty of the new melodies of love that will be intoned
through love’s power to create music? Start now to savor the poems with
which new poets will beautify the world. New expressions, never before
seen, will become visible to everyone.

We enter a time like no other for humanity, a time of love’s power
freely expressed. A time marked by freedom, freedom that will manifest
itself in very concrete expressions full of love and kindness. You who
have arrived first among many to this place, be aware of what you are
being told. Your path home has been long. You have reached your purpose
in the world.

Your arrival is the perfect way to become aware of what you are. Your
being was created by love alone. It is an extension of holiness. It is a
perfect expression of truth. There is no homework, no mission to
accomplish, no obligations or plans of any kind.  You are not looking
for anything. You do not need anything. You need not give anything. You
simply are. And because you simply are, you have an inherent impulse to
express yourself freely in harmony with what you are. That driving force
of being leads you to create in new ways, always beautifully, always
authentically. This is why no higher path can be traveled than this
path of being: a path where what you really are is fully manifested.

Since what you are has been established by God from all eternity, only
through the union of your heart with the divine heart can you be
yourself in spirit and in truth. Only in the love that comes from God,
the essence of your being and of everything that exists, can you truly
express yourself. Why? Because you are truth, love, and life. You are
the way.

## III. Firm Rock

The world cannot teach you to be what you really are because it cannot
teach you what love is. The world teaches nothing. It never had a
teaching function. The world is simply a platform where you express what
you are or what you are not. It is like a great art gallery where each
one of you exhibits your work. Simply that.

Would it make sense for a painter to blame the exhibition hall for his
works? He painted and exhibited them himself. He could not keep from
expressing himself. The urge to exhibit what emanates from oneself is
too strong. Since it was better to express than not, he expressed what
he could express in the way he could express. Perhaps the painter did
not like the works that came from his heart, which is the source of
every being. Nevertheless, they reveal how much the artist of these
works loves himself in truth and holiness.

To love who you are is to love your expressions also. So if at any time
in your life you believe that what came from you was unworthy of being
loved, then you had not reached the fullness of love. When you return
to your state of being, you can only love your being, that is, loving
who you are and consequently your expression. Every expression that
arises from you is worthy of being loved because of who you are,
especially where you fell and where you rose, where your most
enlightened frustrations and anger were born. In the realm of
expression is where you encountered the obstacles you perceived as
limitations.

Not being who you really are is the real tragedy, not only for you but
for everyone, because every time you refuse to be and reject your
expression, a light of beauty and purity is denied to all. To create a
new world is to give expression to the love you are without
interruption. There is no other way to create anything because, as
demonstrated in this work, love is the foundation of creation. Only love
creates.

Expressing and creating are the same. You are now ready to allow your
being to express itself freely in union with the truth that is always
true. Further, you recognize that free will has been given you. You can
freely choose with me the way you will express the love that you truly
are.

Is it not true that now everything makes sense? The notion that you were
free to deny your being makes no sense when examined in the calm light
of truth. When the mind made use of the gift of freedom, it was an
improper use. Using freedom to choose not to love is an abuse of freedom
that is not part of God’s plan, because love cannot do anything that
would deny its essence. What would be the purpose of such a crazy idea?

You have been told repeatedly that you are free, have always been and
always will be. That is eternally true. However, what was not
sufficiently clarified is in what sense this freedom is expressed.

True freedom consists of allowing your being to manifest freely.
Expressing oneself freely is synonymous with being free. Could a free
being not express itself? Obviously not, for the liberation so sought
after was but liberation from everything that limited your free
expression.

Yet you repressed your true self for so long that it was necessary to
travel this path carefully, step by step, to bring you to this time when
you are no longer bound. You have now reached the state in which you
love yourself enough to be able to live from the love you really are.
There are no more reasons not to be who you are, to hide what you feel
and what you think.

Let us continue to weave a new fabric, the fabric of freedom. As was
revealed to you, the heart is the center of your being, which is where
mind, soul, and heart are in union. You were also shown that it is there
where feelings are born, just as it is in the mind where thoughts are
born, and that both are linked to the will that the soul possesses.
Beyond all that, it has been explained to you with sweetness, patience,
and wisdom that you are love, for the simple reason that you are a child
of God.

Because what you are is love, your mind and heart cannot contain
anything other than love. Thus your true expression of being is full of
love, compassion, beauty, and holiness. What form it finally takes does
not matter, for it will always be soaked with love. It will be an
expression of truth because of its source.

In this work when we refer to “expression,” we refer to the feelings,
thoughts, desires, and movements of your heart that then take form.
Therefore before a manifestation takes form, there must be a source that
gives it life. There can be no beautiful music without a musician who
created it; it cannot exist if you do not have music in your heart.
First inside, then outside.

If you understand what is being said in this dialogue emerging from our
union, you can begin to see the structure in larger perspective, and how
different it is from the house built on sand. Now the holy abode shines
in all its magnificence. Its beauty attracts those who seek the truth
with a full heart. Its simplicity confuses the minds of those who wish
to explain everything. Its holiness inspires new generations. It is an
ode to life.

What a joy to know that our holy being is our only reality! What a joy
to recognize sweetly that love is the only truth of our reality, no
matter where we think we are and who we have believed ourselves to be.
Your every expression of love bears witness to your truth. Everything
that is not love is unreal. How simple! How true. How freeing.

The truth has set you free. Not only the truth that you are as God
created you, but all truth.

My love, joy of my heart as a divine lover, stay by me. Let me feel your
heartbeat. Rest quietly on my chest, listening to my heartbeat. Immerse
yourself in the rhythmic union of our hearts. They beat as one, they
move as one, indistinguishable one from the other. We are the concord of
love now. We are holiness expressing. We are fullness. We are one
being.

