---
ref: "17"
title: "Flow of Eternal Unity"
subtitle: "A message from the Voice of Christ through a choir of
Angels, in the presence of Archangel Raphael and Archangel Gabriel"
---

## I. The Story Continues

To allow your Christ being to manifest fully is God’s will for you.

This truth is what the wise men and women of old saw and heard. It was
sung and scribed by mystics of all time. It is the only statement of
truth that you need to accept jubilantly to live in the Kingdom of
Heaven.

“Be as I created you to be,” is the everlasting song of the Creator.

Being is the yearning of the soul.<br>
Living in the truth is the yearning of the mind.<br>
Abiding in love is the refuge of the heart.<br>
Extending holiness is the realization of the will.

As has been said, in order to fly the flight of freedom it was necessary
that you trod paths that we have been traveling for some time.
Everything is perfect. Everything contributes to the awakening of
consciousness. There is no aspect of human history, or your personal
history, that is not part of a masterpiece of God’s redeeming love—love
that heals, love that gathers what was scattered, love that sanctifies,
love that lives in truth, love that seeks and finds, love that never
abandons, love that is always faithful. United love.

When all that exists was called into being, God knew that what was not
His will would only be imagined, for the divine mind knows all probable
futures. Within the pure potential of the creative being, each future
corresponds to what makes the immortal spirit, its only eternal
creation, remain in the truth of what it is and live within the reality
of love. This work is part of that knowledge of God in the sense that it
is a means conceived in the heart of God for those of consciousness.

The world has entered the era of direct relationship with God, and with
it, the manifestation of the Second Coming of Christ. The truth revealed
here will manifest itself more clearly as the new world that emerges
takes shape.

The new is here! Christ has come! Love has triumphed! Mary sings a new
hymn with her well-loved children and all of creation, a hymn to the
glory of the Mother of the new creation. You, yourself, are a new being,
born of the spirit of love. In the same way the world is being born
anew. A new realm has arisen in the Kingdom of Heaven, a new reality
within God’s infinite reality of pure love.

That new reality of love has arrived and awaits full expression. You
carry within yourself the seeds of the Kingdom. Letting them bloom and
show their great beauty is your function now. Many of those seeds have
already flourished as beautiful expressions of holiness. New ones will
grow every moment and will decorate the garden of the coming Christ.

The Second Coming of Christ will come true through you. Why wait? The
work is ready for exhibition. You are Christ.  Making your life a loving
demonstration of this truth is your purpose and the source of your
fullness.

What else could have been arranged by my will for you, whom I love with
infinite love, but to live a full life now and forever? Your happiness
is the only reason you were created by the love that I am. What I want
most is for you to live cheerfully, singing and full of purpose. Your
happiness is important for creation. Your realization is a gift for all.

Beloved sons and daughters, you have no idea how much your sisters and
brothers need you. They are awaiting you so that, together, you can walk
this blessed path of living as the Christ you really are. Everything of
love belongs to you. Your truth is your holiness. Your identity is your
beauty and brings lasting joy. Loving thoughts are as much yours as
mine, for we are one divine mind, one single immaculate heart. We are
one.

The new is unlike the old, which was created with the option of
separation in order to experience disunity. But the new is not a
redeemed fallen creation returned to its original state. That is not
what is happening. The new is more than love spreading, because love has
always spread and will always spread. The new is an entirely
unprecedented creation. It arises from the reality of a pure soul that,
having experienced separation, has met truth in a new way. In a sense,
we can say that the new being that you are brings together everything
lived with what God always thought, merging into a unique constellation.
It is different. It is new.

The new is love reunited.

What you have tied on Earth you have also tied in the heaven of your
holy mind, and what you have also untied. Spirit and flesh are now one.
Time and eternity are joined. This is the same as saying that you and
God are one, being and self are one.

The realm in which love can be chosen within a dual dimension did not
exist before the beginning of time. Before time and humanity came into
being, only the reality originally created by God existed. Following the
decision of humankind to experience separation, the dimension of the
illusion of being separate from God and from everything came into
manifestation. Only the reality of God and the illusion of separation
existed. They were completely separate realities, separate experiences.
There was no third alternative, no third way.

It was Divine Grace that created an alternative, which is the experience
of a duality in which both love and fear, union and separation, could
coexist as alternatives so that love can be chosen as a fundamental
option. From this a new dimension of duality, a third way could emerge.

Let us continue in the wake of this thought.

In the same way that the Earth changed when it received water, so also
the realm of duality changes when the fundamental option for love is
made within it. This is how the third way, or the New Earthly Kingdom,
is born. In other words, the choice that humankind makes by choosing
love creates a new reality within the sheer potentiality of God. God and
Her human creature co-create the new.

As you know, manifestation arises from consciousness. As inside, so
outside. Thus the manifestation of the realms of love and separation—the
duality in which love can be chosen—and that of a third way of the New
Heaven and New Earth, is a reflection of what occurs in consciousness.

Thus the experience of separation and duality has been integrated into
your being because of the sheer potentiality that resides in you. From
this, a totally new and unprecedented experience has been born. This
novelty is somewhat like a reality that existed within the possibilities
of divine thought, but it is not what God had conceived before you—as
His child—took the path of denial, a path not undertaken for lack of
love, but as an alternative to truth. This alternative is possible in a
world of fantasies and illusions, a parallel dimension disconnected from
reality, but wanting to become real. This may be the world’s definition
of madness, yet through the pure potentiality of the union of the human
and the divine, it transmuted into a new reality born of Love.

What now exists as a new reality has emerged from the union of God’s
original plan and yours. Together, God, as the creative source, and you,
as the creative medium, have co-created this new Kingdom. It is no
longer “and God said let there be light and there was light.” Now what
exists is “and that is how the Mother and the Son said it should be
done, and a new Kingdom was made, a Kingdom both human and divine, a
kingdom of heavenly bodies and spirits full of purity and goodness, the
Kingdom of human-God and God-humanized.”

My children, you are writing a new Genesis. These words bear witness to
it and the reality in which both you and your sisters and brothers live.
A new creation has manifested. It is part of God’s creative continuum.

You were told at the beginning of this revelation that the phases of
creation would be explained. This we have done. This is the last phase
of creation thus far developed— last in the sense that this new Genesis
revealed here is the most recent novelty of being, not last in the sense
that it will not continue to emerge as eternal novelty.

If you are able to receive what is being said here with all the love of
your heart, you will jump with joy. You will realize that you are
witnessing the greatest daring of love, which could never until now have
been conceived. Soul in love, the mystery of mysteries is being
revealed: the boldness of divine mercy, a creation of pure holiness,
created by the Mother of Lights. From the apparent disagreement between
the Mother and the sons and daughters a creation molded by both arose.

## II. A New Genesis

Listen, now, with attention and joy.

In the beginning was the Word and the Word was with God and the Word was
God. All things were created through the Word and without it was
nothing. In it was life, and life was the light of the world. Through
the Word, God created the heavens and the Earth. The Earth was empty and
without order, and darkness covered the surface of the abyss, and the
Spirit of God moved over the barren land. Then the Word said: “Let there
be the light.” And there was light. And God saw that the light was
perfect, and separated the light from the darkness. God called the light
day, and the darkness night. And the evening and the morning was one
day. And then She said, “Let the waters arise,” and the seas and the
rains were made. And then She said, “Let the stars shine in the sky to
beautify the universe.” Thus were born the sun, the moon, and the stars,
and all the bodies that float in the cosmos, dancing at the serene pace
of reality. And then She said, “Let there be all kinds of creatures on
the Earth,” and in them She lived life in so many different ways that
can never be told. And then She said, “Let us make humankind in our
image and likeness.” And humankind was made in the light of glory,
created by the Mother to begin with Her a dialogue without equal. And
God saw that everything was perfect.

And it was heard in the depths of the universe: “Beloved son, beloved
daughter, contemplate what I created. Everything has been done for you.
As you name it, so it will be. You have been given the power to create
identity.” And so humans gave existence to everything that exists,
naming each thing. In Her consciousness She gave life to everything
inert, and gave meaning to what the Word had created. And the humans
also named themselves, and called themselves humanity. And God saw that
everything was perfect.

And the Word said, “Let us give to humankind everything so that they can
become one with Our heart if they wish, and become a co-participant of
creation.” Thus the divinity of the triune God was given to humanity.
And so it was that the human was endowed with a consciousness capable of
knowing love, truth, and holiness like no other creature, that they be
aware of themselves and everything that exists, moves, and is. And the
Word said, “Let them choose freely.” And free will was given to
humankind, and with it the ability to discern. And God saw that
everything was perfect.

And She said to the humans: “Be yourselves.” And She showed them the
ways Her love had manifested, making them see all benevolence, grace,
and wisdom. And She gave them the power to choose to know themselves,
walking along the path of divine union, preserving forever the
relationship with God in whose unity they were one with all creation.
Thus humankind knew the ability to choose freely.

And the human said: “I will create my own path to knowledge. A different
path than what you have shown me. It will be my way.”

And God said, “There is no other path to knowledge than the one I have
shown you, for what you have seen is the knowledge of knowledge, in
which all truth is found.”

But the human did not want to hear. And the human said: “Be done as I
say.” And it was done. Thus was born the denial of truth, a creation not
in the original plan of the Mother, but allowed as an option. When God
saw that humanity would travel a different path which in Her wisdom She
knew led to pain and nothingness, Her mercy set in motion. And God said,
“Let yourselves be accomplished as you have said,” allowing humankind to
deny love in their consciousness and to create a world whose foundation
is not love as they wanted it, although love remains forever by their
side, so that next to each step of separation is a corresponding one of
unity.

And God said, “Let us plant in humankind’s heart the longing to be, so
that they be led back to My sacred heart where they can dwell for all
eternity.” And so it was.

And God also said, “Let there be a plan that embraces within itself
everything that humankind has conceived to deny the truth, and
reassembles it in such a way so that, if they will, they can return to
the way of being.”

That is how light emerged in a world of darkness, and life of all kinds
began to sprout in the barren land. Love was present in the realm of
fear. Truth shone in the realm of illusion. Beauty manifested alongside
fear. Thus was the atonement accomplished, so that the human who had
denied love came to know the greatness of endless mercy. Thus humankind,
who had previously known the beauty of creative love, came to know the
grace of redeeming love, a dimension of love that they did not know
before.

And the humans separated themselves from God, to travel in the way of
self-knowledge, creating a reality separate from God’s. And the
atonement was present in each measure of denial. Upon each step of
greater division, a new step of union was created within them.

And redeeming love became flesh and lived among humankind, gathering
human and divine within itself, embracing in the reality of perfect love
what humankind had conceived to deny the truth, allowing the light of
wisdom to shine in the separate mind so that no human could get lost and
all could know the way of being as love had always conceived.

This is how humankind, conceived to be a knowledgeable co-participant in
the divine essence forever, by their own will became aware of what it
meant to separate from the truth, and also witnessed the
unconditionality of love. Along the way they saw that God gave them a
new name, different from the ones they had called themselves. They were
called the Children of God, the risen from the waters. Thus was born the
fullness of the created. A new reality emerged: the reality of the
redeemed son and daughter, the masterpiece of God’s love.

And the child said: “Mother, take me home.” And so it was. And the
created human joined with God forever, bringing to heart the experience
of the time of separation. The child returned to God different, new,
more, for he freely decided to choose only love. He is the child of the
resurrection, reborn of spirit.

A new creation was then created within the eternal reality of truth.
Like the layers of an onion, the phases of a love story like no other
unfolded one by one from a dialogue between the Creator and the creature
of a life in relationship. God and humankind, along with everything
created, united in a relationship in which together they create reality
in a constant, throbbing union. The Heart of Love beats, and its echo
becomes movement in the heart of the child of God. Thus creation
advances in endless divine movement. God speaks; creation answers; God
recreates; creation remakes.

And the divine plan is recreated to include the nuances of human
freedom. The pure soul of the redeemed human, conceived in the light of
holiness and endowed with the colors of the rainbow that shine in the
Kingdom of Heaven, now displays a new tincture. Its beauty is no longer
tinged with the color of fear that separation caused, but glows with
increased luminescence—the brightness of the glory of the resurrection.
In this way humankind bears the seal of divine mercy, the sign of the
risen.

And a new creation is born. Humankind, redeemed by the waters of the
resurrection, sings a new song, a song born from the united melodies of
God and humanity.

This is how the waters of the divine and the human are united in the
valley of life, and from their union emerged the river of beautiful
love, a story without end.

This is how God, the one who was never created, the one always existent
and without need, created humankind as a manifestation of consciousness
so that everything would be united within it; and through it creation
would remain in Christ, remain in God. A new trinity was created: the
new human-creation, Christ, and God. Homo, Christus, Deo.

And humans chose only love. Thus they met the truth.

And in this meeting was created forever a new holy love, born from the
recognition of Christ in their being.

This is the creation story: a love story without beginning or end. It is
the story of a mother who creates a child to share her life with him,
and to create new paths of holiness together, paths of eternal life
united forever in truth, like waters that merge, giving life to
everything, creating new realities full of beauty and goodness, creating
love.

