---
ref: "6"
title: "Form and Knowledge"
subtitle: "A message from Mother Mary"
---

## I. The First Relationship

Child of Divine Love, I have come once again with my heart full of joy
to dwell with you, in this moment of such union between Heaven and
Earth. This is a time like no other, in which the flow of divine union
floods the land with beauty, purity, and holiness through these blessed
dialogues—pure love, perfect love, love emanating from God for
well-loved children.

Today I want to share with you and everyone the deep longing of my heart
as an Immaculate Mother, a longing that is pure creative force arising
from my spirit. Remember that when the soul joins with love, they create
new expressions of the love that God is.

In the depths of my being is an incessant movement of holy longing—the
desire that all participate in the Glory of the Father, so that each may
rejoice forever in the beauty of what they really are. The joy of my
children is also joy for me. I understand and accept, although with a
little regret, that not everyone wishes in the same measure to meet
love. That, however, does not diminish my desire for everyone to reach
the fullness of being right now. That holy desire broadens my heart,
expanding it so much that it becomes capable of creating new realities
of perfect love. It is an impulse that carries forward the force of my
being, just as the wind carries away the leaves.

There is no reason why beautiful love cannot be experienced in every
moment, since nothing can put a limit on love. It is true, beloved
child, that freedom is a great gift, and like every divine gift, it
elevates the dignity of God’s children. But it is also true that when
freedom is exercised in union with the purpose of its creator. The
elevated soul achieves degrees unimaginable by the rational mind, since
it elevates the being towards the very heights of God.

You love freedom. Often you put it almost above all the treasures of
your being. Look at the ways of humanity and you will see that in one
way or another you have sought to expand the experience of freedom. It
has cost you so much.

Observe, beloved of God, that every time we talk about you and your
being, we also talk about love and freedom. Separating these three
dimensions from the reality of who you are is impossible.

I return here to the explanation we have given of the Holy Trinity, not
to engage in debate or to engage the thinking mind that we have
abandoned, but to understand more clearly what this path of being really
means.

The idea of a triune God is harmonious with the reality of creation. God
the Mother expresses Herself as creative power. From that expression
arises creation as a relationship—as if it were Her daughter, a
relationship of holy and pure love, because of what the Creator is.

Every work is created by its creator and clad in its spirit. Concerning
creation, remember that when you try to faithfully convey meaning, you
are looking to convey in a new way the spirit of what the author wants
to express. To do so it is necessary to go beyond the surface to the
depth of meaning. As you know, when something is said, not only are the
words important but also the intended meaning. Otherwise you cannot
establish communication.

A Trinitarian reality exists in every creation, in everything that is.
The reality of the physical universe reflects this law, and is
manifested three-dimensionally. Let us apply this to the free expression
of identity.

You are who you are, so you express yourself as you do. A being cannot
avoid expressing. That creates a relationship between who you are and
your expression. This is how you reflect the trinitarian reality of
love: you are the creative power and you have a direct relationship with
your expression. The relationship between your creative being and your
creations is what I call the spirit of your work. It reflects you. That
is why, if you have a conflicted relationship with yourself, your
creations will reflect conflict. Your relationship with them will be as
conflicted as that which you have with yourself. In that situation, you
will seek to protect yourself from your creations which were created
without love, thinking that they will turn against you.

A being who lives in harmony with herself creates things that reflect
her inner reality. In turn, she will have a harmonious relationship with
her creations since she created them with love. This is the case of God
with Her creations, among which you are. God has no problem with you,
nor is She in conflict with who you are. She created you with love.
Therefore the relationship between Her and you is pure love. That is
all. Yet while this is true, there is still another essential aspect to
reveal.

A pattern of thought arising from old beliefs may lead you to believe
that although God created you with perfect love and maintains a
relationship of holiness with you, that it could change. This thought
arises because you believe that you can change your mind about yourself,
fluctuating between love and fear. But this is not as true as it seems.

The being that you are is free to exercise free will. With this, a dual
dimension was created in which there is a specific time for everything.
You choose within that time frame regardless of whether that time
includes the dimension of physical matter.

There is a time within time when the soul is configured according to the
choice it made. And from that moment on there is no longer any
possibility of choice or fluctuation of any kind. The heart, in its free
choice, established forever whether it chose love as its only reality or
decided to deny the truth of its being. From that threshold of truth
there is no turning back. The soul does not return to the state of
choice but has chosen forever. It is free.

God is that threshold of truth and is truth itself, and therefore is
not subject to fluctuation. If it were, the truth would fluctuate and
thus cease to be true. The immutability of God’s love is eternal; there
can never be the option of not loving or not extending perfect love from
God to you. God does not change. Truth never changes. Love is eternal.

The relationship of the Creator with you is one of purity and holiness.
This is the first relationship that your being knows. It is the first
reality of your existence. This is why before reaching this part of your
soul’s journey, it was necessary to become aware of the love you receive
from your Creator and the relationship you have with God. That memory
of a divine relationship allows your being to return to the truth of
what it is and to extend that truth.

## II. The Author of Your Works

We have emphasized that the expression of the true being that you are
has nothing to do with your human personality and its attached ego
patterns, however original or challenging they may seem. Sisters and
brothers of every age have sought to break socially established norms.
While their challenge has its origin in truth, as does every force
emanating from the human heart, nevertheless modifying the form of an
error does not rectify the error itself. If not observed and left aside,
patterns of ego continue to act in the mind.

The path of being does not call you to be eccentric. You need not
differentiate yourself in any particular way, or change your appearance
to appear different. Nor is it a call to return to the roots of
traditions, to what in the past seemed better. Your call is to live in
divine truth, in the sanctity of your being arising from the will of
your eternal Creator, and to express this in a way you deem most
convenient according to your self-determination.

The way of being is the way of authenticity of the heart, understanding
the heart as your unlimited essence. Like what created you, your essence
is love, for God has no other essence to share than infinite love, and
you cannot be anything other than an extension of God. It follows that
extending love outward from your center makes you express yourself in
spirit and truth. This is how you reach the fullness of the glory of
being. We repeat this, given its importance and the forgetfulness of the
mind.

You cannot extend what you do not have; so receiving the love that flows
to you from God is the prerequisite of extending love. You have a
relationship with love. There is no other cause for expression. All your
expressions reflect this. Either they reflect the love you have for
love, or your fear of love. That love or that fear may be disguised in a
thousand costumes.

What you think, do, or cease doing reflects your relationship with love.
This in turn reflects the relationship you have with your own being.
Therefore, returning to your perfect love relationship with God and
remaining in it is necessary to be authentically who you really are.

Let us return to the Trinitarian relationship. The body, like the
personality, is simply the form of expression of who you are. It is the
servant of the soul. Recognize that you have a relationship with the
body, not only with yours but with bodies as a whole. Let us replace the
word “body” with “the corporeal” and perhaps you can understand more
easily.

The body serves your expression. It is a means of communication. It
communicates to others and to you something about what your being is.
The same applies to your ways of thinking and feeling. They are
expressions. They are the effect of a cause that resides in your heart.
Hence it is so important to keep the heart clean of everything contrary
to love.

Almost no one denies the relationship between mind and body, yet it is
often overlooked. The heart is the center of being. When the mind seemed
to disconnect from the heart, it disconnected from being. In doing so,
it ceased to understand what it is and what its expression is. In such a
state, the mind confuses levels. It considers the body as if it were its
own creation, which is its experience. But the mind is not its cause,
and is not the first cause of anything. Only God is the first cause.
Everything else finds its origin in God’s love. Remember that both the
mind and the body are but means of expression.

You think as you think because you are who you are. This is always true.
As a child of God, think as such; otherwise your expression will not be
in harmony with the truth of who you are.

## III. Live the Love You Are

Your call into the way of being involves not being different from
others. What makes you unique is that you are an unrepeatable expression
of love, but the desire to express uniqueness is disengaged from truth.
To love your way is to be yourself. Not loving is not being at all.
Expressions that would differentiate themselves by being “original” or
“extraordinary” do not have their source in being.

Love does not seek to be different from anything, because only love is
real and there is no way to separate or to differentiate. Love is
nothing extraordinary although it can certainly seem so in a world based
on fear.

You have expressed your fears in multiple ways from time to time. This
was necessary to see them and thus free yourself from them through your
choice. You had the means necessary for carrying out your choice.

When you chose only love you were not fully aware of what you were
choosing, but you were aware that you no longer wanted to live a life of
fear and insecurity that restricted your freedom, happiness, and
fulfillment. Living with fear has been the way of life in the world.
Living in love is the way of being, a path that you can begin to travel
here and now, daily. You do not need to go anywhere; you simply need the
willingness to live within your love relationship with God, the source
of your being.

The mind wanted to disconnect from its source and perceive itself as the
primary source of its own reality. By denying your relationship with
love, the mind caused the experience of pain. Think not that you can
express yourself in spirit and truth as God created you to be without
uniting with God.

Your abilities cannot have their original source in yourself because
your being is an effect and not a cause of your creation. You did not
create yourself. To reflect the truth of your identity, any expression
that arises from you must be linked to the Divine Love that you really
are.

The history of humankind will now be marked by a growth in the
expression of freedom which will increasingly be reflected in the world.
Expressions of identity will appear in an increasingly free way. This
free expression of identity originates in the desire of being to live in
the authenticity of this path.

One can understand why Heaven has brought this work to Earth. My divine
son Jesus and with him my Immaculate Heart as an echo of his Sacred
Heart, will not abandon humankind.

In times like these, with such an explosion of the desire for free
expression of identity manifesting itself in great diversity at all
levels and realities of human life, a guide is needed to show how to let
that desire for breadth remain united to love, so that on Earth you can
enjoy freedom as the children of God.

It is one thing to recognize that you are love; another to live it.
Acceptance of your true identity can only be accomplished by a unified
self—that is, by a mind that joins the heart and allows love to rule.
The thinking mind cannot make that distinction. So we appeal to this
union to remain in the truth of who you are and not to turn to places
that seem true but are not. Differentiations based on form are not
true expressions of the being you really are, because they are not
derived from the cause of form but from its effect.

Form serves expression, not vice versa. Once you understand and accept
this with all your soul, your mind, and your heart, you can see the
holiness of the form we have spoken of and understand that the world
of form need not be separate from Heaven.

Form serves expression and is the means by which being is known.
Therefore, form must exist for knowledge to exist. God has form: He
expresses Himself in creation. Being takes on form to make itself known.
Form is the reflection of being. This applies to God, to you, and to
every being. To become aware of the relationship of a creator and a
creator’s work is to become aware of the whole.

You are a unique expression, an unrepeatable form of God’s love, as is
every being in existence. The relationship of all these expressions to
each other and with their Creator is the meaning of the whole of God. A
problem arises when you consider a form of expression to be a totality,
when in fact, for true vision, it is necessary not to exclude anything
and be aware of the whole.

Failing to look beyond a form of expression, failing to go beyond it to
what it arises from, causes form to be perceived as devoid of meaning.
This is the fundamental error. In the same way, seeing your expressions
as the extensions of who you truly are, that is, seeing yourself as
their cause, returns you to truth. That return will lead you to the
perfect expression of the love you are, because your love of truth will
be reflected in your manifestations. And you will love them as much as
you love your Creator for giving you life.

A question of great importance is this: what is the relationship you
have with your works? Do you love them so much that you can recognize in
them, and in your relationship with them, recognize that you love
yourself?

