---
ref: "11"
title: "Nothing Is Impossible for You"
subtitle: "A message from Jesus, identifying himself as 'the living
Christ who lives in you'"
---

## I. Everything Is Ready

Child of truth, go ahead and fly. Leave your mind free. Enjoy the flight
of spirit. Your soul can create the unimagined when it lives in the
breadth of truth. Nothing is impossible for you, because nothing is
impossible for me.

Together we are the reality of love. United we are the light of life. In
our union we are as God created us. That immanent force that created
everything, including me in my divine humanity and also you, unites us
in a universe of beautiful love, a love not of this world, a love that
is born from divine essence and expresses itself in the reality of each
being.

I have brought you on my wings to the doorway of a love without
beginning or end, a triune love that is a refuge for hearts in love and
minds in truth. I am the imperishable love that has spoken through this
work, joining you in this particular way.

Close the doors of your senses. Immerse yourself in the unfathomable
depths of my love. Give the world the light of Christ. Be yourself,
every moment. Observe that what you really are is what has made creation
exist. Remember that without you, Heaven is missing something. You.

Let the world spin as it will. Do not mingle in matters that are not
yours. Do not let your mind go down into ideas disconnected from what
is true. You know what wisdom is, and want nothing more than to be fed
by it. Do not let your heart harbor feelings apart from pure holy love,
for it cannot do so truly.

You were created to be happy. You know the way of being, because you
know yourself. You know this is the path for which you have been looking
for a lifetime. No goal for you who you receive these words is as
important as freeing yourself from the bonds of the world. Child of
holiness! That day has arrived. That long-awaited time has arrived. It
is here.

Now you know yourself enough to be able to say joyfully, “I am free.”
Take a deep breath, widen your chest, lift your shoulders, stay upright,
and enjoy your freedom. There are no structures here, only love without
barriers, and being without limitation.

As I said, nothing is impossible for you because nothing is impossible
for me.

Letting go of your limited ideas about reality is necessary to continue
along the path we are now beginning to walk. We have already taken some
steps on this blessed path of being who you really are and expressing
yourself as you are. What comes next? No one can know. Not even the two
of us can answer that question, because what is coming is not yet
created and has no comparison. Its magnificence cannot be put into words
and its quality has never before been expressed. Never forget that you
are unique, and the intimacy of our love is unique. This love story
between your soul and my being is unrepeatable, as unique as you are.

Your full willingness to live in the present has never been more
important. You know this way of life very well. You have experienced
enough to know that you can discipline your mind and heart, making both
means of expressing truth. Your body is no longer the tyrant it once
was, nor is your mind a madhouse. Your heart knows the sweetness of
love. Your memory reminds you of the first love that God is. Your
imagination creates worlds of love and truth.

Everything is ready. The powers of the soul have gathered at this
meeting of saints. The forces of your being have been reintegrated.
You understand that every impulse flowing from you was a vital force
separated from your being. Now by your own determination and in union
with the will of Heaven you have returned to the integrity of union with
your being, and you can live freely in the security of being lord of
yourself.

What a joy it is to cease being at the mercy of the winds and waves of a
tempest! What joy it is to own yourself! What greater treasure can there
be than to receive the inheritance that you really are? Your being
rejoices in its glory. Your soul sings at the meeting of saints. Your
heart dances to the beat of life.

Nothing disturbs those who live in the truth of their being. Nothing
worries those who know themselves enough to accept that they are
personified holiness, the perfect expression of God’s love. They live
singing in the depths of their being. They know they are one with
Christ. They feel that joy deep inside, and that nothing and nobody can
take from them the joy of knowing they are children of God.

You have arrived, my child! You have returned home. You have found the
way. There is no longer any cause for worry. Let the world spin. Mingle
not in matters that are not yours. Join the affairs of your Mother. Give
yourself the life that lives in you. Be yourself every moment. Be always
who you really are and you will be happy because you will know fully.

Rejoice in the times when the world seemed to prevent you from being
yourself. Those blessed opportunities led your heart and mind to reveal
themselves contrary to a limited reality. There came a point when you
could no longer endure the contrast, and you successfully launched
yourself to fly towards the sun of truth and life. Now you have arrived.
Rejoice! Nothing in the world can truly affect you because your flight
has taken you so high that you cannot be reached by ideas or feelings
apart from the truth of what you are.

Only one thing interests the soul that has reached this point: to live
in the truth revealed. This interest is now the engine of the soul’s
inherent desire for expression, the vital breath that drives it forward
like a wind by which it sails easily through the skies of holiness. The
soul lives thinking about the divine beloved and desires only the
delights of God, for nothing but love is part of the beloved of Christ.

## II. Reality Is Now

Those who know the truth know they are Christ, just as they also know
that love is God. They don’t stop at words, but go beyond symbols to the
reality. The wisdom of love has been revealed. The sanctity of your
being has been revealed. You have no illusions but bear witness to the
truth, to what you are.

A new creation is being created as a result of the union of Divine Love
with the love you really are. It is the fruit of unity, sprouting from
our divine relationship. No one can name what arises because this
reality is beyond words. And yet the fruit will be known. Many will
enjoy the delights of our holy love. We will be seen for a while longer
before departing for the eternal abode from where we will continue to
extend perfect love, creating new life. No one will be excluded from the
flow that emanates from our eternal intimacy.

Just as at this point on the path it is important to live in the
present, it is important to make trusting your own being the reason for
your life, because the mind can sometimes continue to try to understand
through separation that which is of unity. Yet the system of thought
which creates division cannot understand or even conceive of unity.
This will not be a problem for you because you have already gone through
the process of undoing the madness of the ego. You are sane. You are
healthy. You are free. You have returned. Remember this often.

To confirm that our unity—your will, together with mine— will accomplish
this is to believe in yourself and therefore is to love yourself. We
have already spoken of the link between trusting and loving. To trust
that what you are will be expressed just as it should be in every moment
will prevent you from wasting time on nonsensical thoughts. I did not
bring you this far only to abandon you. We both know that our path is
purposeful and sensible. We know this path is nothing other than the
path of love, the path that your heart desires. Distrust cannot be part
of this blessed path of being yourself.

We are together. We live together. We are united. Nothing can separate
you from me and nothing could separate me from you, ever. Love and you
are one because we are both the unity of being. Love and I are one
because my Father and I are one. As concentric circles of truth and
holiness, we remain united and extend love. Our center is God. I am the
first wave of union, you are the second. Thus, this emanation of divine
consciousness, like a wave that expands when a pebble falls into a
pond, will touch everything because all that exists is consciousness,
whether manifested or unmanifested.

What I am saying, child of my sacred heart, is that our work will go
beyond the limited confines of this physical dimension of bodies and
personalities. Our emanation of love, arising from our divine union,
will touch hearts at their center and transform minds beyond what can
be imagined. It will create portals of union between Heaven and Earth.
It will open spirits so that direct communication with God is
increasingly clear and flows with greater freedom.

To remain united to me is to remain in your reality.

It is important to allow your thinking mind, so attached as it may be to
logical reasoning, to understand that love has created you and
everything that is needed to accomplish the purpose of being who you
truly are without effort. Just as the body is given and air is given in
abundance so you can breathe unconsciously and untiringly, so God
created all that your heart needs to express itself freely in all its
reality, and to reach what it longs for. God’s plan for you is not only
effortlessly achievable, but carries within itself the power of being,
that is, the power of Heaven. The only thing unrealizable in life is the
opposite of love. Be glad of that!

It is impossible for your being not to be fulfilled forever. If it had
historically seemed not to be, it was because you did not know what your
heart loved or what the mind was searching for. Now you know. Therefore,
there is no need to continue believing in things that make no sense. The
hunger for love and the thirst for truth are abundantly satisfied, quite
like the need for the body to breathe—actually even more so, for both
love and truth are infinite and air is not.

Live every moment of your life as if it were the only one, and there is
no tomorrow and no yesterday. Love is eternal. It is a force that gives
new life in every moment. It is what you are. Start to enjoy the eternal
novelty of being. You are an eternal creation. You are always new. You
are always love.

Allow the flow of divinity to enter you in every moment. Disregard ideas
of success or failure, or of any thought based in duality. Detach
yourself from the compulsion to think about tomorrow or to try to
resolve the past. Release forever the belief that you have to cause an
effect. You and I, united in love, are the cause and effect. There is no
need to predefine anything. We are cause. We are effect. We eternally
create new love because of who we are. We are the multitude of effects
and the reason for truth.

In this way of being we live always with God, now. We remain in unity.
We are the eternal expression of love. We extend the reality of the
Kingdom because of who we are. God expands in us and with us, in union
with us, eternally united. Nothing alters the peace of God. Nothing
stains the sanctity of our unity. We are the perfect innocence of being,
extending life in every moment. We are the reality of love.

## III. The Last Forgiveness

Keep high in your awareness that this new and eternal path we travel,
the eternal path of your existence, is a path where you are simply who
you really are, that is, where the being expresses itself freely as it
was created to be. This is the will of God.

Although what was just said may seem obvious, considering the roads that
brought you here, it is not. All were characterized by struggle and
effort—a spiritual battle. War raged between your mind’s ego that you
thought you were—or sometimes even thought you wanted to be—and what you
really are, your heart. That struggle left you exhausted and did not
provide lasting happiness or peace. And yet there came a time when
struggle became part of you. This should be clarified.

The spiritual struggle, or the battle of the ego against God, was never
part of the Creator’s plan. Therefore it is not part of the reality of
being. Christ does not fight. It does not resist anything. It accepts
everything with serenity, for nothing can move it from truth. It is the
tree of life, well planted. Nothing can threaten it. Herein lies your
peace. However, when I say that the internal war became part of you, I
mean that it became a custom so entrenched that you could not imagine
life without conflict.

Once the identity crisis is resolved, fighting remains for a while as a
habit. Although this habit does not have it previous dimensions,
nevertheless the pattern of thought and the emotional defense-attack
response is still deeply rooted in memory and particularly in the “I” we
call “the world.”

Although illusory, the energy of the struggle that this identity
conflict creates is largely what moves the world. To continue the fight
one more day seems to be the litany of separation. That force creates an
incentive, a motivation to stay alive. And although this idea has been
exposed in this work and in many others, and should no longer obstruct
the expression of true being, it is important to avoid creating a new
struggle to express yourself in freedom.

Anything achieved with effort is not part of the way of being. The Holy
Spirit may have used that illusion in the past to bring you to truth,
but be aware that it was done because you were not yet prepared to let
go of a mentality based on comparison. That has been left behind.
Nothing of that thought system enters here. The path of the ego is over.
The path of the heart is over. The path of transformation is over. The
path of knowledge is over. The path of learning is over. Now begins the
way of God— the way of being.

Being requires no effort. This should be repeated as often as necessary,
given the ages you have spent not feeling that you were yourself.
Forgive the world for those times, for the structures which greatly
hindered the expression of your true identity and made it difficult to
know yourself. This is the final step in complete forgiveness. We take
that step now.

Releasing the bitterness of the heart is necessary to be free from all
lack of love. To do so it is necessary to recognize that your pain had
but one origin: that of not being yourself. The suffering of the soul
that remains inside the golden cage, when it cannot express itself
freely, absorbs all your human reality. Once free, there is no need to
continue thinking about it; but there is a period when memories of life
in the prison of ego are still alive. Deactivating them is the purpose
of this session, to make your path so clear that you travel it while
singing happy songs.

My sisters and brothers, the world could not allow you to know yourself
or be free to express yourself as you really are. It could not because
the world does not know you. It never met you. It could not do so. The
world lacks knowledge. It is simply a showroom where you exhibit the
work of your hands.

I am knowledge. I am the unity of truth. You have found me. You have
chosen only love. There is no reason to concern yourself with times
that seemed hard but are now gone. The time of battle will never return.
The time when you could not be yourself will never return. You are now
out of the golden cage. You are with me now, ready to take our flight in
the sanctity of being. Do not be afraid of heights. Do not fear the
de-structuring aspect of love.

Everything is ready.

Together we will walk forever the path of the free expression of being.

United we will create a new holy love.

Forgiveness is complete, love and honest truth are recognized.

Blessed are you, who have attained holiness in the world!

Blessed are all who choose only love!


