---
title: "Final words"
---

## I. The World Is Waiting for You

My child! Soul in love! Light of my eyes!

We have reached the end of this work, but not the end of our
relationship.

These words are a gift to you, a love letter I wrote for you to carry in
your memory and keep in the silence of your heart.

Together we walked a path full of glory and love, a path of holiness.

Since the beginning of this revelation we have been growing in a greater
intimacy of love, through which you have a greater knowledge of my love.

This work has opened a portal to Heaven in your holy mind.

This manifestation is in itself a flow of Divine Love from my most holy
heart to hearts thirsty for love and truth.

We are one heart, one mind, one holy being. This work testifies to
this truth.

Holy hearts! I thank you for every minute you have spent with me, for
every thought you have directed to my divine heart. I assure you, in
spirit and truth, that each one of those moments of union in your being
has gathered Heaven and Earth. They have accomplished miracles, healed
wounds, and opened minds to the light of true knowledge.

These words are both a means and an end. They are a means of expressing
our direct relationship. They are an end because you have grown in your
awareness of our direct relationship.

Our relationship is real. It is a union of pure love. As an effect of
our relationship, we both become one in holiness—you and I, merged
forever in the only true love: your beloved Christ, and my beloved soul.
Our relationship exists. It is a relationship of pure meaning.

Through this work you have grown in the awareness of my love for you,
and with it in the knowledge of your true being. You are love and
nothing but love. You are holy love, pure love, faithful love. You are
restorative love, creative love. You are love that works miracles, love
that gives life and life in abundance. You are the beauty of Christ made
a “me.”

These final words constitute a new beginning. They are the starting
point from which the fruit of our union will manifest themselves more
and more in a diversity of holiness without equal. Together we have
reached the port from which the boat of your true being will set sail
serenely and harmonically, carried by the wind of my spirit of love, a
wind that will lift you into flight. And on your flight you will
beautify Heaven and Earth, as you have embellished the universe by
expressing these words of yours. These words are a song to love
springing from your heart in love. You yourself have caused them to
exist.

Soul of pure light! You are the beauty of Christ placed in the world for
the glory of the Father. You are beyond what can be said in human words.
You are the heaven of the world. You are love manifested. These words
are a song to life, a hymn of gratitude to God the Mother-Father for
giving us life, a life of fullness, a life full of love, a life where
the desires of your heart are fulfilled.

The world awaits you to illuminate minds that have become blinded from
ignorance of love, and to soften hard hearts that have withered from the
heartbreak of the world.

You have been given a voice that can resonate in every corner of the
universe: the voice of love. Make the beauty of your melody be heard.
Sing a new song. Sing to life.

Give the world the knowledge of love without beginning or end. For that
have you come to the world: to show that God exists, that the infinite
love of the Father awaits everyone. You are here to beautify the Earth,
sharing with all a hope that does not disappoint, a truth that is always
true even when denied, and a love that underlies life.

Tears of joy fall from my face. My heart beats to a new rhythm, the beat
of love that emerged from our union. You have chosen only love. You have
chosen life. In our relationship we will live together forever, in a
love that has no beginning or end, the love of the Holy Trinity.

The value of these words does not reside in their content, nor in the
knowledge they transmit, for true knowledge dwells in each heart. Their
secret is the love with which they were given and received. Love given
is the only real thing in creation. God is love given entirely.

Giving is the essence of love and therefore of life. Giving love through
these words is what this work is about. Receiving them with love is what
makes the union of giving and receiving manifest. This work is a
perfect expression of giving and receiving as one. When you receive it
with love, you give it because of its truth.

To give freely what you have freely received from my Sacred Heart is to
join the rhythm of eternal life.

Life is a constant flow of giving, receiving, giving, receiving; to
continue giving and thus to continue receiving.

Remember, my daughter, my son, what you give you keep, and what you
withhold you lose. To be generous in God’s way is to give everything to
everyone in the unity of being. This is to love unconditionally. This is
doing God’s will for you. This is extending being.

The expression of the unconditionality of love is what will now happen
in our way, a new way. You have recognized your being. You have honored
wisdom. You have welcomed truth. You have accepted me as one with you.
You have willingly received my love. You have been flooded by the light
of truth. You have reached the goal that your humanity was called to
reach when you came into the world.

## II. The Love You Are

Now begins a new phase in our eternal love story. We are writing a new
chapter. There is nothing more to know. There is nothing more to learn
or to teach. There is simply a need to be the one you know you really
are. The path we will continue to travel together from now on is the
path of the authenticity of being.

United we are the light of life. Together we dwell where truth dwells.
We are one with love. We are the extension of holiness.

Remember, my daughter, my son, there is no place where you are not
because there is no place where my love is absent. There is no place
where you are not because there is no place where truth is not. There is
no place where you are not, because there is no place where holiness is
not. There is no place where you are not because there is no place where
love is limited. My love embraces everything. Our union is the universal
embrace of love.

We are the unity of being. We are truth in expression. We are the song
of love singing to life.

My love! How much gratitude is in my heart because of your choice for
love. You have returned to the fullness of being. No longer is there
denial of truth and love. Separation is no more. Now unity is. And in
that unity abides peace, truth, reality.

Now is the time to tell the world what you have seen and heard here—what
your heart has experienced, that in which your mind rejoices. Share what
has been given you in Grace and holiness.

It is true that revelation is not transferable. Your response to this
manifestation of Heaven is unique, as unique as the expressions of your
sisters and brothers, and even of creation as a whole. However, that is
not a reason for not sharing, since you share of love’s diversity,
accepting the uniqueness of each, as this work reaches its fullness. Put
simply, your unique way of being completes this work.

Let the words that have been given and the feelings that arose along the
path we walked together in this work become flesh in you. Let the flow
of love that emanates from my heart towards you and the whole world come
true.

Keep this work in your heart. Hold it in your memory. Your being will
guide you. The spirit of love, which is the life of your being, will
inspire you.

Trust who you are. Trust me. Everything will be all right.

Remain in me as I remain in you. Give the world the true life that comes
from the knowledge of my love. You have a relationship with me, as I
have with you. You have a relationship with love, an awareness of our
union.

Your function now is the same as always: being the love you really are,
extending your being, sharing who you are.

Remember, you reach the fullness of being by giving yourself. It is in
the sharing of what you have received from our love that your mission is
accomplished. How will you do it? In your own way. Inspired. It will
emerge from our constant dialogue of love. You will not lack
opportunities to fulfill your mission of being who you really are.

Remember, my daughter, my son, that your mission exceeds form because it
is spiritual. It goes beyond all limits, encompasses all times,
embraces all realities created and yet to be created, all minds and all
hearts, physical and non-physical. Giving love a face to be seen by
those living on the plane of form is part of your function, but not the
whole of it. We cannot limit your mission because your being is
unlimited. Being the human-Christ, being the God-Human, is that of which
I speak. Living as such is the path we have been traveling. The
Christification of your humanity has occurred here.

Showing the world that you can be happy within the world is an
inseparable part of your function. For this reason it is of great
importance to express your joy, the purity of your heart, and the
sanctity of who you are.

You came into the world as a Christ soul to remember, in union with your
brothers and sisters, that love has no beginning or end, that love’s
source is not the world but spills into it, a love that shines on hearts
and minds thirsty for truth. That love is your being.

~ Jesus of Nazareth

