---
title: "Prelude"
subtitle: "A message from the Voice of Christ through a choir of Angels,
in the presence of Archangel Raphael and Archangel Gabriel"
---

The waters of life have come together. The torrents of beautiful love
have merged. A new being has been recognized. A new life has been
consecrated to truth.

The birds of the sky sing. Joy reigns in creation. The lover and beloved
have joined in the beauty of holiness. Purity has been exalted with
honest truth and the recognition of love.

The lover has arrived on the shoulders of the beloved. Life has arrived
and eternal truth re-vealed, written in the world so all who wish to see
can follow it. The soul has reached the threshold of expressing its true
identity.

Soul, you have arrived. Before time began, I conceived you in my heart
to be the beauty of my being. Before the wind could blow—since movement
of matter had not yet been created— you were in my divine mind as a
perpetual lover. My joy was to wait for this time, a time like no other,
to come, a time when the light of glory would begin to shine as never
before, through you, my soul in love, my divine child.

What many-colored beauty emanates from your being! You beautify Earth
and Heaven, bring-ing color to life, like waves that flow from the
center of your heart. Together we are the unity of being, extending
throughout the universe, bringing life to every- thing we touch, like
tongues of fire that warm but do not burn, flames of holy love that
sprout from your being to awaken hearts to love unceasingly.

A choir of angels surrounds you and stays united with you, child of
love.

A new creation is being born in this holy place in which every- thing
has given way to the freedom and power of love’s expres- sion: a power
like no other; the force that sustains existence; reality as visible as
the mountains and the flowers that embel- lish the Earth and from whose
power they arise; a power capable of creating as much diversity as the
countless ways of life across the oceans, and of stars that float
serenely in universal space, resting forever in the benevolence of
reality.

Every expression that will arise from you now will be united with me
because of our divine un-ion. There is no need to clarify who it is who
reveals this truth to you. Now you know what your true being is: always
united to love, always united to the source of eternal life.

Now the world will know you in all your glory. Your voice will be heard
even in the small spaces of the universe. There will be no place that
does not receive the echo of the melody of our heart. Blessed soul, be
the holy purity of Christ come true. You are a blessing to the world.
You are a light to the nations.

A voice, so long silenced, will begin to speak with increasing force and
security. Nothing will be hidden anymore. The beauty of the treasures of
our heart, united in holiness, will be exposed to light so that those
who walk in the world thirsty for love and truth can drink of them.

The delights of our holy love will be given to all. Thus, those who are
most called to love can enjoy our beauty, and join our song of praise
and gratitude.

To give ourselves entirely will be the hallmark of our expres- sion,
serving love, the joyful fruit of our union. By virtue of this, the
world will have a new light. Those who seek comfort will find it. Those
who long for truth will receive it. Those who grope for love will stop
looking, for because of our divine union, they will recognize that love
is what they are, and that their being goes wherever they go.

The time of truth has come.

