---
ref: "11"
title: "Fused in Love"
subtitle: "A message from Archangel Raphael"
---

## I. Unity, Divine Treasure

Now we continue to grow in understanding and acceptance of the end of
relationship. When you realize that relationship and what is being related to
are one, it makes no sense to talk about one or the other, or a bridge of
union.

You have long been told that your mission is to do everything in love. That
is, the reality of your being is to merge into the love that God is, a love
that has no beginning or end and from which arises all life, all beauty, and
every existence full of holiness and truth.

Being one with your source means just that—being a unit, a seamless continuum,
without division or distance. Truly, truly, I tell you that herein lies the
greatest difficulty for the thinking mind and that which was lost at the origin
of separation.

Being one with God, being equal to God, and being God are three concepts that
are not directly related to each other and which lend themselves to great
confusion.

“You will be like gods,” said the snake to Eve in one of the mythological
accounts of the fall. Let this tell us something. I will reveal it in a new
light.

Being like God suggests comparison as well as a separate identity. What
compares cannot be one. Only separate things can be compared. Yet God can have
no comparison since God has no opposite. To try to be like God is to try to
live from separation. This is the basis from which the ego mind works.
Comparison has always been the method of the separate mind. Comparison is an
unnatural mechanism. From it arises a whole universe of things contrary to
love.

From comparison arises fear. It could not be otherwise, since fear can only
exist within a dual reality. In that illusory reality, whatever is compared
must be placed side by side, at an equivalent level. You put good alongside
evil, contemplate them, and decide what each is. Ultimately this is the science
of good and evil. By doing so you create confusion of incomprehensible
magnitude. This has led you to ruin in the past. I do not say this for you to
worry, because you are now in perfect condition to see it for what it was, an
unfortunate folly that will never return to your mind or your heart.

You may think that if the past is past, never to return, and that you no longer
live in the wild state of separation, then to remember that foreign state is
meaningless. And to some extent that is correct. But sometimes things must be
put into words that previously inspired tension, worry, and fear in order to
see them from a new perspective and release any fearful associations that may
linger.

When the separated mind created the idea of comparison, it put love alongside
fear and tried to view both together and endow each with meaning. One would be
beautiful, its opposite would not. One would be worthy, the other not. Thus was
born the comparative mind, which is the daughter of the dual mind and sister of
the conditioned mind operating within a system of “if this, then that.”

But love is. It has no opposite and cannot be compared with anything, just as
God’s peace has no opposite. Yet this matter of being what has no comparison
makes it difficult for you to know yourself or recognize yourself as who you
are. The thought pattern of comparison has inertia within the mind, even though
the mind no longer feels guilt and has reached a high degree of wisdom and
peace.

This knowledge you have reached has not been reached by the ego mind, nor the
separate mind. The intellect never provides access to truth, nor could it lead
you to the happy recognition of the love you really are. That was accomplished
by your being, the living Christ who lives in you. Revelation has no relation
to the intellect because revelation is not subject to reason.

## II. The End of Duality

To move forward we must become aware of the false creations of learning. The
mind that thinks it can learn, which uses what you call intellectual reasoning
including comparison, has had to create an entire illusory world where learning
was possible, even though such learning is alien to the reality of love.
Remember that the impulse to be is natural for every being; the perpetuation of
its existence is what motivates it, no matter what. The ego seeks to survive
at all costs.

The apprentice mind works by comparison because it has no other mechanism of
discernment. It is what created the idea that you could be like God, believing
that everything can be compared to something. In order to use that mechanism of
comparison to help you return to truth and love, the Holy Spirit, in its
infinite goodness, stated that you had been created in the image and likeness
of the Creator.

During this journey we have traveled together, you have put aside forever the
idea of an image of God and your own being. There is no longer in your mind the
belief that you are an image of God, because you know that perfect love cannot
be limited by an image. Images are of the imagination, not part of the reality
of love. They are unreal. Now we must also abandon the idea of similarity.
Similarity implies comparison. It disallows a reality without opposites. The
mechanism of the perception of similarity is part of a dual world. We need no
longer continue with that journey. Today we will abandon this forever, with
sweetness and love.

Because God has no opposite, neither does your being. Thus the method of
comparison cannot help you understand what you are. Within duality there is
always an opposite. Every time you think of the “good” as compared to the “bad”
you cannot fail to recall the attributes of the opposite. Thus within the good
is the memory of the bad, and in the bad that of the good. In such a condition,
the mind cannot escape sadness because every time you want to think about happy
things and sustain the idea of jubilation, you are compelled to remember its
opposite.

If you look closely—without judgment—at what the dual mind does with opposites,
you will see why it had to create the idea of a demon, or of a fearful hell.
Such a mind cannot think of God without thinking of its opposite, and
vice-versa. It cannot conceive of Heaven without there being hell. This is how
the mind creates monumental confusion. If you follow the logic of this truth,
you will also see why the dual mind cannot cease to create suffering. When you
try to create healing, you will think of its opposite. In fact, it ends up
creating sickness to give life to what is healthy. This is the mind’s criteria
when separated from reality.

The dual mind uses opposites as a means of knowing by taking something and
immediately placing in the mirror its opposite, thus observing both,
scrutinizing them and holding both in consciousness in order to create an
identity for each and assign meaning to each. Such meaning, of course, must be
relative. Thus the comparative or apprentice mind cannot live at all. This is
why it cannot conceive of love.

To some extent, those who are obsessed with hell are obsessed with the idea of
a benevolent God as well. One cannot exist without the other. Herein lies the
basis of fanaticism and dogmatism of all kinds.

We previously spoke of “the cloud of unknowing,” which must first be perceived
in order to transcend duality and move toward what cannot be compared, and
therefore has no resemblance to anything else. The path of knowledge lies in
not wanting to know anything that the dual mind wants to know or pretends to
know.

## III. The End of Atonement

Merging into love means just that. What merges with something is no longer
separately distinguishable.

When gold melts and mixes with other gold, both become “molten gold” and are
one, in whose unity you can no longer see the parts. There are no parts. The
same happens with your being, Christ, and God.

When you do nothing in love, which is your function, do you lose your identity?
I will answer this question with a “yes” and a “no” so that we can fully
understand.

On the one hand, no, you cannot lose your true identity because it is what you
are. If you lost it, you would lose your being, which would be nonsense. Being
what you are not is an impossible contradiction, which is why the ego is
impossible. In

God you are just as you were created to be. Being one with the divine being
does not cause any loss of identity. In fact, in love, which is what God is,
you live perfectly in union with who you are. By joining love, you join what
you are.

I said we would also answer with a “yes.” You do lose your identity to some
extent, because when you do nothing in love, or merge into divinity, you lose
your human personality as you have conceived of it according to the false
criteria of the thinking or conditional mind, the dual mind.

Let us continue to observe the duality of the separate mind. You can observe
physical states of disease and healing, a transcending of the opposite. For
the dual mind, health and illness are part of the same continuum. For it to
assign health, there must be “healthy” and also “sick.”

Let us pursue this mechanism in light of the reality of the knowledge of your
being. In order for you to be, according to the mind that lives in opposites,
you must simultaneously “not be.” Such is the inherent conflict you felt
powerfully during the “dark night of the soul,” but that you have actually
perceived throughout your egoic life. Every conflict arises from the struggle
between being and not being. There is no other source of internal struggle, nor
any other place to heal the gap that this perception manufactures.

To be or not to be remains the only fundamental question that would have you
live in health or illness, in reality or illusion, in fear or love. To try to
unite what is separated is to attempt the impossible. Perhaps here you may
argue that you have been told often that “Jesus has come to gather what was
scattered.” That is true. But that statement does not reveal how he will do so;
it simply says what will be done. Indeed, the way to its accomplishment is to
put aside all comparison and to abandon your reality of opposites, which the
unnatural mind created and which became known as the myth of the tree, the
snake, and Adam and Eve.

Look at all the opposites in that scene! Adam and Eve represent opposite
genders, separate feminine and masculine. The snake represents the opposite of
God, the enemy of divinity par excellence. The tree is named that of the
knowledge of good and evil. In fact, it has even been given the name “science”
as opposed to “knowledge.” The tree of the science of good and evil represents
perception as opposed to knowledge. In short, the scene is full of symbols of
separation and duality. As you know, duality is another name for separation.
They are identical.

To abandon separation in favor of unity is to abandon the dual mind and
transcend it. You have heard that you cannot do that for yourself since that is
the work of God. I will explain this also with a “yes” and a “no.”

When one is identified with the ego, the mind is perceived as trapped in an
illusory reality marked by the dimensions of time and space, which in itself is
the opposite of the eternal, unlimited reality that divine love is.
Therefore, our being needs help “external” to the mind, which allows it to
untangle the threads that bind it to that world. That “external” help comes
from God, which is reality without opposite. And so it happens.

Although at the level of perception the help received was considered external,
that was because the mind still could not understand unity except as a very
limited concept. Therefore it could not understand that it, itself, had begun
the undoing of what it had created. This was accomplished within the unity of
God, the living, eternal Christ. The Christ in you is the personal savior and
redeemer of all separate minds. What saved you was not the ego but the Christ
in you. You must recognize that what saved you was God, since Christ and God
are a unit.

What had to be done for the expiation to be complete was to delve into the
illusory reality of perception and from there gather the opposites, abandon
them, and transcend duality. Thus the mind of Christ worked with everything
within the world of perception and used it for the purpose of redemption. It
was as simple as that.

Let me put it metaphorically. What happened in your restoration is that your
Christ being took everything the ego had done, and like a salad, separated the
ingredients, combined them in a different way, and obtained a new meal—one that
caused you to desire it. This is how the Holy Spirit began to make you like the
delights of the memory of first love. Nothing was left unused of what you had
created in the world of separation, but recombined to create a new perceptual
constellation. This is how false perception was replaced by a reliable one, the
primary condition being the ability to pass from it to knowledge, and from
knowledge to being.

Although it was the Christ in you who led the process of atonement, it was your
will that arranged your liberation. Your return to love was a deliberate act of
your will. When you exercised that free will, everything that was true in you
was reactivated. The result was your return to the divine home in which you
have always really lived.

All this “work” that was done for atonement or transformation, which we have
called metanoia, was nothing more than a disintegration of the idea of the
personality that you were, which was separate from the truth of your being.

## IV. I Am Everything, I Am Love

The basis of the ego is a personality that masks your true identity. Unmask the
ego! Rid yourself of that disguise that not only hid your holiness but also
prevented you from the flight of freedom. This was the basis of the atonement
that Christ performed on you, with you, and for you, not through the imposition
of an outside will but through of the free determination of your own
decision. That decision mobilized Heaven because your goal was worthy of God
and the holiness of God’s well-loved child.

You have now arrived at the place where you recognize that you deliberately
created separation and also deliberately created the means to access the
atonement that God created even before the idea of fear existed. Atonement is
as eternal as God because atonement is love.

Now that you are able to recognize these two decisions taken out of time—that
of separating you, and that of forever returning you to the unity from which
you will never leave—we are ready to go beyond it.

When you arrive at this moment there are sometimes physical symptoms such as
dizziness or even sensations of vertigo which may make you feel like a ship
without a rudder. The old personality is no longer at the helm. Now you may go
through a period of transition until your being can take total dominion. These
states are transitory, caused by the last resistance of the personality to
yield to true identity.

To reach this point in the path of the soul is to arrive at the moment when you
take full responsibility for what was decided—not with fear or a sense of guilt
or failure, but with the simple understanding that there were certain options
exercised. It is as simple as that. I do not attempt more of an explanation
than the simple truth.

We choose because we are free. “Eternal Father, Source of my being, as I left,
so do I decide to return,” the child told the Father. And so it was, since the
will of the child is as powerful as that of their father. And the Father
accepted it, just as He had accepted His child leaving.

The water droplet that separated itself from the ocean symbolizes the
personality. That is what will fade away. Does that mean you will not have a
personality? Again, yes and no. You will not have it in the sense that the
attributes of the old identity that you thought you were cease to be what they
were. That old personality no longer exists; it has been transformed. However,
you embody a new personality to be a reflection of God’s love on Earth,
something that can only be done with a physical body.

For those who still cannot live without a body and a personality, one is
given so that they can see it on Earth and see in it the living Christ when
they contemplate. That is what a new personality means: a new being, a Christ
on Earth, one of the one hundred and forty-four thousand redeemed.

You are one of those who submerged their personality in the waters of life and
were baptized with a new perception, a new personality, all of which form a
visible and perceptible unity. That new unity serves the purpose of love. That
unit is literally a new human being, who with two feet walks the paths of the
Earth but no longer as a human alone, but as the Homo-Christus Deo, sowing
light with every step.

When you merge with love, you no longer need a personality; you do not need
to differentiate yourself from anything or anyone, for you are the love with
which you merge. You know what you are. You have no need to see an unreal
opposite to remind you not to forget your true identity. In this way the soul
rests in the peace of being.

What now remains for us in this final stage on the path of being is to remove
any vestige in your mind of attachment to the personality, making of it an
idol. You have had a face-to-face encounter with love. In that encounter what
you thought you were dissolved, as if in a cosmic explosion, with your “parts”
reabsorbed by the All that created you and that is the source of your being.

Without a personality with which to relate to yourself, you also have nothing
external with which to relate. There is only the whole of everything, and
therefore neither the relationship nor the parties exist. In the being that you
are, there are no parts or features of being, only an infinite extension of
love, that is, of being. Can the world teach you what this means? Obviously
not. But you do not need to learn it, for it is what you are.

Believe me when I tell you that what forms each petal of each flower, what
makes the light shine, what gives life to birds and fish, what creates
mountains and makes lovers sing, is your being. In this sense you are
everything, because you are love, nothing but love.

Discovering that God is love is revolutionary to the world and for you, to now
discover that you are love and nothing but love.

Now I ask you again and for love to close your eyes for a moment, and forget
the world and all your beliefs, and immerse yourself in this truth:

> I am not a personality. \
> I am love and nothing but love. \
> I am everything. \
> I have melted in love. \
> I am Christ, eternally one with my Father, one with the truth. \
> I am the Heaven of God.

