---
ref: "16"
title: "The Memory of a Voice"
subtitle: "A message from Jesus, identifying himself as 'the living Christ who lives in you'"
---

## I. The Voice of Your Consciousness

You have been given a voice to be heard. Hearing it is the delight of the
angels of God and music for Heaven. You have reached a point in the journey in
which the received replaces the learned, the revealed replaces the studied.
Therefore, we will now become aware of what that means, in order to make the
decision of what to do with the Christ consciousness that has been given you.

Learning is not the same as knowing. Wisdom, as we have already said, does not
depend on learning. It comes by revelation. Knowledge and wisdom go hand in
hand, just as truth and love do.

During the journey we are traveling together you went from basing your life on
a learned structure to a life governed by your own knowledge of truth. Now you
are free from the commands received from outside your heart— the construct of
rules and ways of seeing things that “others wiser than you” offered as a means
for you to manage your life.

Once you unlearned, your mind and heart were blank. You were empty of worldly
knowledge and willing to receive divine knowledge. Because of your disposition,
you received it. You now find yourself less and less paraphrasing others, if
you still do at all. You no longer discover the mind saying “as it is said in
…” This is not a trivial matter.

When you accepted your heart as your guide, you accepted me too. Together, in
unity, we create our morning of God’s way with us. You are again co-creator of
your life. You understand that the truth is one but it manifests itself in a
unique way in each one. You have also accepted that truth can only be
understood in the heart. By accessing this discovery, which comes from
revelation, you put yourself in a position to choose again.

Now you hear the voice of your heart. That voice is powerful, even though it
expresses itself as a whisper. Again and again it tells you of love, holiness,
and the beauty and greatness of your being: in short, it is the voice of your
true consciousness, the voice of Christ in you.

Becoming aware that you hear the voice of love and that you listen to it is
essential from this moment on in your spiritual journey regardless of whether
you call it the voice of love, the voice of your heart, of God or of the
Universe. From now on, that voice will seek to be increasingly audible. It will
grow and grow until it cannot be silenced by anything or anyone ever again.

Your voice is as beautiful as everything created, and more. This is not
hyperbole or a literary flight. It is the simple truth. God Herself gave you
that voice, and for you it will become something great.

For long that little voice, as pure as it was loving, was confined to a corner
of your heart, not totally forgotten, but silenced. It could not speak, because
there was no one to listen to her. That little voice, so wise and yet so soft,
was created from all eternity and placed in your heart to be heard and
expressed by you. No one can hear it but you. No one else can respond to what
she says but you. She is of a quality that only your being can hear.

Bodies have an apparatus through which they speak, which fulfills the same
function for all. And yet each voice is different. Although each body can say
the same thing, the tone, timbre, and style is unique for each. Thus you can
often recognize someone by their voice. There is a direct association between
identity and voice. Uniqueness resides in the voice of each of God’s children.
Or we could say that the voice is an expression of their uniqueness. Listen
closely and you will notice that this is not only a human attribute but that
everything has a voice— even the wind.

Everything that is part of creation has a voice because it is an expression of
itself. The body’s ears may not hear all sound frequencies, but that does not
mean that there is no sound from everything that exists. There is no such thing
as silence in creation. There is eternal music whose melody arouses peace and
harmony.

Just as God created everything through Her voice, or Word, you also have a
voice to create. There is no other way. Creation begins with the Word, that is,
with the union of thought, understanding, and will within the consciousness
of being. Voice was created to extend being. It was created to be.

## II. The Language of Christ

The voices that were not yours and had nothing to do with the voice of love are
now gone. Now that you no longer hear the rumbling of war, or the jarring
melodies of a song so dull that it causes only trouble to the soul, now that
you listen only to the harmonies of your true self, you can stop time for an
instant and we can reflect together here, you and I, united in the beauty of
peace and stillness. We can decide, within our relationship and union, what to
do with it.

If you look at the nature that surrounds you, you will see that not all sounds
are captured by the same types of ears because physical reality is an echo of
the reality of spirit. With this I want to remind you that, although a being
emits a voice, not all beings listen. Some frequencies are heard by certain
beings, and others are heard by others. Each being is created in such a way
that it hears only one type of voice. In the case of your being, you can only
fully hear the voice of Christ, and only in the frequency in which it is spoken
to the nature of your heart. No two voices are the same because no two hearts
are the same.

Ignoring the voices that are not voices but “noises” which have nothing to do
with your nature, you have heard the voice of your soul’s beloved. You have
been growing in understanding how to listen, knowing its language, and
understanding what this sweet voice of truth says. To some extent what we have
been doing during this journey together is remembering how to listen, and
remembering that language. The voice and its language go together.

The language of which I speak is the language of the heart, in the sense of
hearing your inner voice. Along this path that we travel together, we have
approached various aspects of being. We became aware of some elements of truth
that, although you knew them, you had not always integrated into your identity.
One of those aspects is the triune relationship of your heart, the Immaculate
Heart of Mary, and the Sacred Heart of Jesus, within which you are one with
God. In that trinity of perfect love you are the totality, just as God created
you to be.

By reestablishing in your consciousness the triune relationship with Christ
in the identity of Mary and Jesus as your reality, we have gathered the
dispersed parts of your being. With that, your divided self returned to unity.
Once in unity, the direct relationship with love became evident. It ceased to
be a belief and came to be the truth about you.

When you returned to the divine relationship, you began to be more aware that
the relationship and the related are really inseparable. The boundaries between
one and the other vanished, and the fact that you are the only expression of
the unmanifested became visible. All this has come about through a type of
communication that is not of the world.

Here you and I are. Talking. Dialoguing. Receiving and extending. Your heart
and mind are receiving the energy of my voice. With it they are transformed
into what they hear, not so much in its content, but in unity with it. When you
hear these words, you hear the voice of love. In doing so, the memory of the
bearer of this voice shines in your mind and your heart. In this way, a process
of rebirth of the capacity of lovingly listening begins to be generated within
your soul, with divine intimacy.

My voice is your voice, just as my love is. I was always in you, just as you
are in my heart, in my mind, in my being. However, dialogue is much more than
simply carrying someone loved in the heart. Dialogue is uniting with those with
whom you communicate. This is what we have done here. If to dialogue is to
unite, and love is union, dialogue is only possible in love.

Beyond the content of the words of this work is the relationship between you
and me, a relationship in which we are growing more and more, even much more
than you imagine. You know me more. You get to know yourself more. You know me
from points of view from which you didn’t know me before. You began to realize
that your beloved Jesus is not who you had conceived. Preconceptions about me
faded away, and you no longer use them to define me.

Now, through this work, and particularly because of the time and dedication
given to our intimacy of love, you know me directly. We are talking literally
from heart to heart. We express ourselves as our unique relationship. You have
understood that speaking to you is speaking to everyone who receives these
words, regardless of whether they write them, listen to them, or read them. All
who receive these words are equally recipients of my voice, and have returned
to a direct dialogue with love.

## III. Accept the New

Love cannot be defined, nor need it be. Love is experienced in a very personal
way because it is a unique to you. The same goes for relationship, because it
is within relationship that you experience love. Love is relationship; it is
dialogue; it is union.

Upon receiving my voice—and that is what you have been receiving—and preparing
to hear it, you are relearning how to hear the voice of love, a pure soul
ability that is part of its nature. Love has created it and love remains
attached to it. Love constantly calls the soul to remain in that union. The
soul without love faints.

Not hearing your inner voice calling you to Heaven is what happened when you
were asleep. But now you are awake. We no longer need act as if we don’t know
how to hear, when now we do. To accept this is to accept unity.

There can be no true relationship without dialogue, because this is
relationship itself. Dialogue is inseparable from relationship. In fact,
separation is the suspension of the child’s dialogue with the Mother. It is
never the other way around, since if that were possible, love would stop
communicating life to the soul. It would cease to exist, an impossible thing,
because what God creates is eternal.

The dialogues that this work establishes touch certain areas of your reality,
areas that correspond to your nature. Not everyone receives revelation in the
same way, nor is it expressed in the same way. Even so, my voice is always the
bearer of true knowledge.

Whoever receives these words does not come to them out of curiosity or
coincidence but because they are the words that your mind and your heart have
expressed within the union. Remember once again that we are one mind, one
heart, one holy being. There is no separation.

This work has been done perfectly in all the brothers and sisters who are to be
enlightened and blessed with a love that is not of the world. It begins to
manifest itself with increasing clarity. A wise father does not speak to all
his children in the same way when they have different ways of being. Still, he
speaks to them wisely. The same goes for the constellation of souls. No two
souls are alike, but there are souls whose nature, or ways of being, are so
similar that they meet together as if they were a bouquet of flowers. This
group of like-minded souls is able to receive love in a certain way. Another
constellation of hearts will be receptive to another type of manifestation of
love itself.

Since each heart has a particular way of being, and similar hearts come
together like sets of twinned souls, their expression of truth is carried out
in harmony with this reality. Thus the relationship that exists between you and
me is a relationship based on your individuation, which includes the unity of
the mind and heart with all sons and daughters of God. Unity in differences is
the way of uniting God.

An important aspect of the words of this work is that their power resides not
in their content but in their ability to reactivate in your memory the first
love of God—the memory of your being. Once that memory was established,
something that happened perfectly along this path, you began to realize that
the voice you hear here is the voice of your own being.

Speaking is typical of those who have a voice; that is why they have it. You
recognize that this voice comes from somewhere beyond your body or your
worldly knowledge, but that it is the voice of Christ consciousness which is as
much yours as your own soul. You move forward, taking another step, a step that
leads you to understand two questions: What this voice is for? And, why have I
received divine wisdom?

If we do not answer both questions, which are the same, we will remain stuck in
a state of confinement within the inner voice, that is, in self-absorption,
which would not lead us to anything that is true, nor would it allow us to
extend what has been revealed. Therefore, we would be stuck in a state alien to
the reality of love, which is pure endless extension.

Just as children are born without knowing how to speak, but their ability to
communicate is part of them, it is the same with you. In this sense, everyone
is like a child. They must learn to speak. This learning is not like that
achieved through the thinking mind. It is a natural learning, as natural as
learning to breathe or to walk. You were born with that knowledge. You were
created with an intelligence that allows your spirit to express itself, to
speak.

Returning to the example of learning human language, the child first learns by
listening to the mother. Thus the ability to speak is related to the ability to
listen. The same happens here in our intimate relationship. You listen to my
voice, and from your attentive and loving listening, you begin to speak in the
manner of my voice, just as a child speaks the mother’s tongue.

Although the language you learn is learned by first listening to a voice, when
you progress to the act of communicating through the voice, you do not speak
the same as the one from whom you learned. In other words, first you listen to
the voice, then learn to speak, and finally make personal the use of that
ability. Your voice is not identical to those who taught you to speak. Even the
content of your words can be diametrically opposed. This tells us something
important.

You have been given a voice to express yourself. To do that, you first have to
receive an original voice. The voice of the ego was one of those voices, in the
sense that it was what you heard and then expressed. It was the origin of egoic
communication. We will not go into the quality of that non-communication; just
keep in mind that whenever you spoke, you did so because you learned to speak
based on a voice that gave rise to what your voice expresses.

My voice is the one you hear now, and having set aside the other voices which
did not speak the truth, you have learned to communicate as love does. This
learning has arrived. What will happen from now on is that you will integrate
my voice into your ability to speak from wisdom and express yourself in your
unique and unrepeatable way. This will be the expression of love that only you
can be. Your manifestation will speak so eloquently that there will be no doubt
of our union. It will have your seal. It will not be like any other, even if it
is similar to some because of the constellation you join as a blessed soul. It
will be perfect in the only sense that it can be considered perfect: it will be
perfect because it will express yourself as the child of the Creator of the
perfect.

## IV. A New Guide

From now on you will not use any external wisdom as authority or guidance
except as a reference. And after integrating it in your uniqueness, you will
establish your own opinion. You will know how and when to do things. You will
know because your heart will not express anything inauthentic, nothing that has
not been integrated with it and accepted as the truth revealed by the divine
source, which is now the source of your knowledge and work.

You have now reached freedom, a freedom you did not know before, the freedom to
be yourself at all times, places, and circumstances. This freedom can only be
achieved when you live in the truth, since only the truth makes you free.

The freedom I speak of here is the freedom of certainty. When you know
something with the certainty of revelation which resides in your heart, you act
safely because the truth is never wrong. Others may not accept it, or may be
openly against you. The whole world may proclaim that what you know is true is
not. None of that will matter from now on. You have known the beauty of my
voice, which is as beautiful as yours, as loving as yours, as true as yours.

When you heard my voice you fell in love with it. You could never love anything
with the same love with which we were united. You never can. There is no
greater joy for a being than to recognize their voice, and to learn to express
themselves with their beauty. Truly, truly I tell you that there is no higher
bliss than joining who you really are.

To join in a dialogue you must speak. My love, the time has come to speak. The
time has come for the children of truth to express the truth. The time has come
for your voice to be heard. This work is a call for the particular voices of
each of my sisters and brothers and the sweet truth that resides in their
hearts to begin to be heard.

Each voice expressing itself in truth will be joined together, and together
will create a chorus of voices so beautiful, as never before heard on Earth: a
chorus of love sung by those who express freely what they know they feel and
think, not what others say they should feel, think, do or not do. They will be
the living witnesses of truth because they will speak only from truth,
conforming to the living expression of truth that resides in their hearts.

Avoid being part of groups that drown your voice. Neither try to silence the
voices of others. Now is the opportunity to create a space of sufficient
freedom and acceptance that your sisters and brothers can freely be as they
wish to be. Trusting freedom of expression will be the novelty now.

To love is also to respect others, allowing them to be just as God created them
to be, so that each one can give the world the authentic expression it came to
give. There are no molds to fill here or structures to conform to. Now
everything refers to being itself. The challenge of these new times is to live
within a framework of creativity that allows each being to be what it is.

From now on, to try to silence the voice of your true consciousness will be
like trying to cover the sun with your hand. Your mind and heart have been
filled with a truth which is perceived as pure holy love, and consequently
arouses holy feelings.

From this moment on your spiritual path, the light of Christ consciousness that
shines splendidly within you will be the only source of your knowledge and
action. You will speak in my name. You will love in God’s way. You will live
just as your being longs to live, in harmony with the will of the Creator.

To guide you in life you need a voice to lead you. But this is not an outside
authority, just the simple truth. The soul’s reality requires a guide; it is
something inherent in being. You are a being in relationship, in relation to
love.

When you decided to follow outside voices, you found a guide. You joined a
system of thought, a structure which you used as if it were a train. If the
train does not travel on the tracks, it derails. The same goes for the soul:
without true guidance it is lost.

Your former savior fulfilled a function but did not give you happiness.
Madness, or any mental state that creates unhappiness, gives purpose to your
mind even though it is alien to your nature. The dementia of the ego was the
salvation urged by the separated mind when it denied the truth. You believed it
was a solution, although clearly the remedy was as toxic as the disease itself.

Why did the mind believe in the ego as a solution? Because it thought it served
to protect you from the truth. Denying reality was the mechanism used to defend
against truth. Ultimately, the ego is a great apparatus of mental denial.
Simply that. Once you decide no longer to deny whatever you perceive or see,
the ego disarms itself. That is what has happened.

The time when you heard that voice that invited you to deny reality—that is,
the truth and therefore love—is over. Now you can see. You can clearly discern
between the real and unreal. Moreover now you can live in reality because you
know that reality is love and you are not afraid of life.

If I left you without a guide, you would have to find a substitute. That
would certainly be going backwards. So this new path that we travel together
must have a clear guide which can be followed happily, or the mind will not
follow.

You used to be guided by what you considered good or bad, desirable or
undesirable, valuable or valueless, regardless of whether those definitions
were true or not, in the sense that they were linked to the truth that is
always true. All that has now been left behind. That mechanism of discernment
resided in the separated mind. Now your guide is your heart. No longer will you
decide on the basis of good or evil, but on the basis of what extends happiness
or what extends suffering. This new way of discerning is only possible for
those who have reached the state of fullness of heart, in which love and reason
are united.

