---
ref: "20"
title: "Bliss and Being"
subtitle: "A message from the Voice of Mother-Father God, the Voice of All Voices"
---

## I. Prelude

Oh, My soul, born of My being and gathered in My love, soul that belongs to Me
from all eternity! How much joy it is to be here, reunited with you!

I am your Mother and Creator. I am the love you have sought. I am the truth
that has found you and the holiness you are and in which you live. Your return
is a light to the world and an extension of creation. Your union with Me is the
great banquet table of salvation, the most sacred gift conceivable.

Living together with you is joy for My divinity and joy for your heart of love.
And it is a song for your holy mind.

How much bliss is in Heaven and on Earth because of these dialogues of love! We
are reaching the end of the sixth book of this work of love and kindness. You
are becoming increasingly aware of the divine relationship that exists between
you and Me. 

I love you. You love Me. And in our love we gather everyone equally. No one is
excluded from the benevolence that flows from our relationship. Everything is
embraced by our union of holiness.

The true strength of our love goes beyond anything that can be understood,
because our union is the source of being. It is what has given life to
everything.

Because of the time you spent with Me receiving these words, countless miracles
have happened and will continue to happen. They will be miracles of
resurrection. Many hearts will begin to sing again. Many minds will remember
the truth of what they are and will rejoice in what they will see. All this and
much more is emerging in creation as an effect of your willingness to unite in
spirit and truth through this work that I give you for love.

A divine relationship is powerful. Within it are the mysteries of Heaven and
all life takes on the vital force it needs to keep itself always new, always
loved, always holy. There is no sincere love that is not a source of miracles
and life because love is the source of miracles and life. There is no other
source. There is no other reality than love.

What a joy it is to dwell with you. My heart joins yours in an ecstasy of
purity and light. We are one reality. We are one holy love. In the light of My
glory I called you. From the light of My holiness I extended the rays of My
being to embrace your soul. Nothing and no one can ever separate us. We are the
meeting place of love, the sacred mountain, the sweetness of truth, the twinkle
of wisdom that emanates strength to enlightened minds.

Sing, soul in love! Dance, pure heart! Scrutinize, mind, that you have returned
to truth. Vibrate, emanate from the light. You have penetrated the mystery of
mysteries. You have met Me. And with that, you have met My Heart, which is
unknown to anyone who does not choose to live in love. Together we have raised
the fallen love, bringing it back to the top of the celestial mountain in which
we will live together forever. From there we have extended it to Heaven, making
what belonged to Me return to the blessed abodes of My heart.

Come all! Come, enjoy the delights of Divine Love, a love that is a blessing to
lovers and the delight of loved ones. Do not deprive yourself of the graces of
My Sacred Heart, divine children who are sprouts of My eternal Motherhood. Sing
a new song, the song of beautiful love. Live joyfully in me. In our union you
will see things you have not even imagined in holiness and beauty.

Within our union I have transformed you into the divinity that you have always
been, although one day you wanted to believe—although not with all your will—to
be what I never wanted you to be.

Oh, beloved child! Vibrant heart! Purity of a love like no other! No love in
the world can resemble the love of the divine lover and his Beloved. No one can
love you as I can. In the same way, you cannot love anyone as you love Me,
because I am the love in which you love. It is from our divine relationship, a
unique relationship full of the love of holiness, from where your heart is
nourished to love all things. The heart that finds Me changes. The soul who has
fallen in love with this divine lover who is your Mother and Creator jumps for
joy.

Who can take care of you as I do? Who can watch over you as your eternal Lover
does? No one. Because there is nothing and no one who knows you like Me and can
know what your heart plots as a loving and loved child.

The words of love and truth flow in the mind that lives in spirit without form.
Thoughts of light shine majestically in the mind that has returned to life.

I am the nameless one in which every name exists. I am the faceless being, from
whom every face is born. I am the sweetness of love. I am the beauty from which
all beauty emanates. United in our being, as one mind, one holy heart, one
truth, we are the unity of being.

What a joy to remain by your side and in you. All My love envelops you in the
solace of Heaven that I am. Remember, My child, that these words are full of
life. They are for you who have decided, for the love of holiness, to dedicate
some time to being alone with your Mother. Your presence and My essence have
become one in our meeting.

How much joy it is for the Mother to be able to receive Her sons and daughters
and be graced with Her company.

Absorb yourself in My light. Consume yourself in My being. Immerse yourself in
My divinity. Come, drink from the water of life. I am the nectar of Heaven come
down in the way you occupy body and mind. You are the Christ on Earth. You are
the presence of My love in the world. Every day you will love with more love,
until the strength of your heart shakes the foundations upon which the illusion
of the world stands. And together we will gather multitudes of sisters and
brothers to take them by the hand to the holy meeting.

## II. Harmony and Reality

We are coming to an end. Each time one of these holy books which make up this
work ends, a new beginning starts. A renewal occurs in your soul. At each end,
a beginning. Each time its end. Happy are they who can understand this sweet
truth.

Truly, truly I tell you that I will never leave you and you will never leave Me
without the joy of your beauty. Oh, holy soul, pure and perfect, how much joy
it is to have you in My arms! What peace Heaven feels when we know that in our
union we will remain forever immersed in the love that creates life in
abundance, love in fullness. Let yourself be flooded by love. Let yourself be
filled with holiness. Let the force that flows from My loving heart reach the
center of your being and from there impregnate your mind, your reality, and the
entire world.

Children from all over the world, do not deny the beauty of Divine Love. Do not
deprive yourself of My delights, or turn away from the sky that dwells in your
hearts. Each of you is a glass into which you can pour the essence of My being.
Your consciousness can know me, just as this helping hand writing from Heaven
and lover of his Creator, is helping you to recognize. 

These words are your words. They were born in the depths of your being. They
are written for your soul. They are words that your divinized humanity sings.
In them your heart recognizes the voice of the Beloved, whom you now remember
vividly and will soon fully recognize yourself as your being. This work is not
external to you. It is part of your holy reality. You have joined it. When you
dedicate to travel with it, you attain a greater degree of consciousness of
what is beyond your mind, yet is as much yours as your soul is.

Each fiber of your being is embedded in the flow that exists between this work
and you, because when you enter these dialogues, you enter the flow of union.
Something inside you shudders sweetly upon hearing My voice.

To live in this divine relationship is to live in love. To remain in the
presence of your being is to be aware of who you are. Herein lies the fact of
returning to truth. Although there is still a small section to be traveled in
the world, a limited reality in terms of the ability to be aware of the
totality and extend that awareness to everyone and everything, nevertheless in
this reality we can together begin to live our Heaven of perfect love.

If you focus your life on what you have to do for God, you will fall into the
error of trying to live from the truth in the terms of Heaven when you are
still treading Earth with a unique consciousness that has not yet reached
complete detachment from partial vision. Remember, this is the world of
perception. Nothing in it is true. It cannot be, because perceiving and knowing
are not the same. Remember also not to confuse what is the same with what is
different.

Many have been lost on the road because of wanting to bring Heaven to Earth in
a way contrary to the truth, that is, to love. You are called to do so without
losing sight of the reality in which you live forever in Jesus and Mary.

Before finalizing this sixth book and entering the end of the work in which we
walk the path of being, it is of great importance to understand what it means
to create a new Heaven and a new Earth, or in other words, to bring Heaven to
Earth. We will speak to that. Both expressions try to express the same thing,
creating a state of consciousness or reality based on love. There is no other
Heaven than truth. There is no other Kingdom of Heaven than love.

## III. Happiness and Awareness

The risk into which you could fall, and that would make you temporarily lose
time and joy, is to believe you must do something with what you are given in
this revelation or that you must take the action of sharing with others what
you have received, believing that the goal is to transform the world or
yourself. The world and you are one. The world lives in your mind, not outside
of who you are. There are only your thoughts and their union with your
feelings. The rest is pure mental gymnastics and has nothing to do with
reality.

As you already know, there is nothing outside of you. That includes both Heaven
and the world. So all you have to do is be the love you really are. Neither
Jesus nor Mary ever set a goal of doing anything in particular. They were
everything. Ultimately that is the goal, if it can be called such, for you and
for everyone who wants to live in harmony with what they are in Truth.

The goal we promulgate here is to be happy. There is not, nor can there be,
another purpose for the spiritual path if it brings you to the being that you
truly are. You were created to be happy. Happiness is not simply a wish, it is
the reality of your being. So to create a new Heaven and a new Earth, or bring
Heaven to Earth, is to constantly reflect happiness. Of course, this happiness,
and as we have said, has nothing to do with the limited idea of worldly
happiness, which is always elusive and passing.

Lasting, eternal happiness is what is spoken of here. You must now extend the
bliss of being who you are. You know what I am referring to because the wisdom
of your being knows happiness. In fact, regardless of whether you sought
happiness in illusions or in the truth, if you have been able to conceive of
the idea of happiness it is only because you know it exists.

What does not bring lasting happiness has no place in your mind or your heart.
Observance is still necessary; be alert to anything that happens inside you
that denotes unhappiness. Of course, no one consciously wishes to be unhappy.
This is a universal understanding. Unhappiness is unconsciousness. The pursuit
of happiness is the search for being, which in turn is the search for love.
With this truth shining in your holy mind, you will recognize that happiness is
inherent in the being that God created you to be as always conceived.

Being truly yourself and being happy are the same. You are not only love, you
are truth and happiness. It follows that radiating joy, telling happy
stories, having loving thoughts, and not harboring or spreading what hurts the
heart, is the path of correct discernment in the light of truth. Those who
choose love above all else are the realized ones. They may or may not satisfy
their material or psychological needs. They do not consider doing so essential.
Those who live in love can say authentically with Mary: “All generations will
call me happy.”

Mary is an example of perfect happiness, an exemplary life for you who have
been graced with the gift of these words. You are invited to travel the path of
Mary. It is a way of being, a path of incarnation and creation. It is a way of
giving birth to Christ, delivering the love of God, of harboring feelings of
compassion toward everyone. Mary’s path has no intention of changing anything.
It recognizes that love is a silent presence, full of light and holiness.

The silence of Mary must become an example for your life. In her you can find
the mystery of the incarnation and salvation. Mary received everything from
God. To Him she consecrated her existence. In her there is no shadow of
separation, because she lives with her eyes fixed on her Divine Beloved, the
light of her being. She accepts everything with love and sweetness, because she
knows that everything comes from love. She does not confuse what is love with
what is not. Mary always remains in the truth.

Is it possible to live in truth while in the world? Yes. Therefore, living in
the happiness of being is possible too. The being that God has always arranged
for you to be is a being of pure truth. To be the love you are, you simply have
to live in the truth that you know very well. You know what is true, everyone
knows it. You know what love is, everyone knows it. You also know what makes
you good, what makes you happy, what gives you peace and joy. You know how to
smile with your heart.

Since you were created with the knowledge of love, truth, and happiness, the
purpose of your creation can only be to be happy in the love you are. Since the
love you really are is the same love that God is—and is no other love than
God’s—then it follows that you were created to be happy in God’s love.

How simple is the truth! We travelled the winding roads of the world
to find something we could not put into words, but our hearts knew it very
well. That “I don’t know what,” which worries the human heart and even
leads it to commit crazy things, is none other than a creative force united to
the desire for endless happiness.

How notable that such a clear and simple purpose, so universal and so inherent
in the hearts of women and men of all time and places, has been so neglected or
transformed into what can never be. Why? Although this question has already
been answered in many ways in these writings of love and truth, we can delve
further into it.

Obviously, everyone wants to be happy. But what does this actually mean? For
some it is one thing, for others it is another, and because they differentiate
among themselves as to what it takes to make each one happy, they remain in
conflict, not only between sisters and brothers, but between humanity and God.
God’s idea of what happiness is, is the only real definition, just as with
truth and love.

What we are doing here is to unite the consciousness of the reality of being
with truth. The being you are is eternally happy. Christ does not change, but
lives in endless bliss, because Christ is the source of joy, the source of
being. To return to love is to return to being. By remaining aware of the being
you really are, you are happy. Being love remains the only option, because
being anything else is attempting to be what you are not.

Nothing outside the joy of being exists, or exists outside of love. Thus the
experience of misery is a temporary one that, like everything in the world of
dual consciousness, enables the contrast of opposites. Remember that comparing
opposites is how the separated mind tries to understand.

Happiness is Christ. This is because Christ is the being God created you to be,
you along with everything that exists. To make this truth how you live in the
world is to bring Heaven to Earth. 

You may be wondering why we touch this issue now, as we have already talked
about it from different perspectives. The reason is because I do not want you
to fall into the error of believing that creating a new Heaven and a new Earth
is a task to be performed, or one that involves eliminating the current world
and replacing it with another. There is nothing wrong with the world as it is.
It is the perfect reality where you can return to love through your ability to
choose. The experience you have here on this plane allows you to do it very
well. There is no reason why you should not live in direct relationship with
God while you are in the world. You are beautiful, and the world is, too. You
are holy, as is the world. Remember that everything that joins Me is made holy
because of who I am, just as with what joins you.

If My holiness joins the world with you, why should we continue to fear it or
consider it unworthy?

When you gather everything and everyone into your heart, you make Heaven and
Earth come together in you. Then you can say: your kingdom has come, your will
is done.

To include everyone in the embrace of love is to create a new Heaven and a new
Earth. To keep everyone within the being that you really are, and keep them in
your heart as if this were the universe where they live protected by love, is
to create a refuge where hearts can live in peace, that is, bringing Heaven to
the world, for it is true: we are one heart.

