---
ref: "15"
title: "United in Freedom"
subtitle: "A message from the Voice of Christ through a choir of Angels, in the presence of Archangel Raphael and Archangel Gabriel"
---

## I. Prelude

The new human reality is being manifested, arising from a new love, always
eternal, and always new. Learning to read the signs of the times will now help
you to abandon the fear that arises from believing that the world is so complex
that it cannot be understood. Remember once again that what cannot be
understood cannot be loved. Certainty arises from true knowledge, and peace
cannot exist in a kingdom where insecurity rules.

Could a God of infinite love create an insecure world? We will answer this
question again from the new light that shines in your holy mind.

God did not create the world. God created the Kingdom. There is a big
difference between them which we will discuss here.

The insecurity you perceive in “society” does not come from God but from those
who create what you often call “the world.” In this sense, “the world” is the
externalization of human thought. 

Children create worlds plagued by fantasies, ghosts, heroes and villains,
stories and fairy tales—candid, maybe, but unreal, and therefore dark in some
way. It is a world created by a childish mind.

Crazy people tell crazy stories and believe in crazy things. They also create
their world.

Truth seekers create their own world in their own way, a world that allows them
to withdraw enough from the hustle and bustle of vanities to be able to listen
and observe their thoughts and feelings, and to be alone with their inner
voice.

A poet seeks a time of solitude to contemplate the beauty of raindrops falling
on a stream, or to be ecstatic in the beauty of those same drops on the window
glass sparkling in the first rays of the sun, flashes of light that expand in
multiple colors as they pass through each droplet, prisms as of a miraculous
crystal.

Every mind creates its world. A troubled mind creates a turbulent world. A
serene mind creates a world of peace. This truth does not refer only to the
thinking mind but also to the “mind-heart” unit which always remains united,
regardless of whether you identify with the ego or with Christ. The mind and
heart have always been united. There can be no separation. An egocentric mind
will have selfish feelings. A mind identified with Christ will have loving
feelings because of what the mind of Christ creates. Feelings are creations, as
are thoughts. Both come from the spirit that the mind and heart, as a unit,
serve. Does this mean there is more than one spirit? Oh yes, of course—one is
the spirit of love, the other of fear.

Here I define as spirit any creation that is not physical. In this sense, all
thought is spirit because it proceeds from it, just as feelings do, as well as
decisions that are made because of free will, which act in the sphere of will.

Considering the definition I have given of spirit and matter, we can realize
that beliefs in angels and demons have a core of truth.

When we speak of the angels of God and their luminescence, we speak of a
reality that is true. They exist. They are beings that emanated from the glory
of the Mother, created by the divine mind, and confirmed in truth by their own
will to choose only love, always. Having made that irrevocable choice, they
chose to live the love that God is. In this sense, and only in this sense, they
are one with God. They are free to choose and they chose.

God creates infinite beings, as is evident in the creation of the physical
universe. Not everyone has the same nature, although everyone has a single
source. The painting that a painter paints is not of the same nature as the
painter, even if it is her expression. 

Beings that many call dark also exist. They have a will. They were created
with free will. Emanating from the love of the Creator of everything holy,
beautiful, and perfect, they also made an irrevocable choice not to choose only
love, always. In their free will they prefer to live without love.

If well understood, what for generations have been called beings of light and
beings of darkness are not opposites that arise from a dual mind. They are
beings originally created by the Mother of lights. Within the reality of
freedom, both are one, since they are free to live in love or not. God loves
them with the same love, for they are Her creations, but She does not force
them to remain united to Her. Like every free being, they have a will, a will
that must be expressed, for which purpose they use their mind and heart. Some
extend a reality of pure love; others of fear. You can call them light and
shadow, angels and demons, as you wish. What you call them is irrelevant to the
truth. Both are creations emanating from the same reality, and they are still
embraced by that reality.

Love embraces light and darkness. Love embraces everything. Indeed, it is an
act of perfect love, respecting freedom and allowing the mind that has not
chosen love, because it does not have to do so, to continue to create its own
reality without love, not as the work of its source, but as its own work.

Is it true that now you can easily understand what was once the mystery of
freedom? This revelation finds resistance in the human mind to simplicity and
to the magnitude of what it means to be free. That is why we return to this in
this work.

Freedom requires the free choice of will to be what it is. Thus when God
planted in Eden the “tree of the knowledge of good and evil” and gave humans
the option to choose, God was not setting them up or putting them at risk, but
giving them freedom.

That story is a perfect symbol of the goodness of the Creator who has created
free will to give humanity and every free being the freedom to choose love or
not. In nothing else but in this freedom can it be said that, as a human being,
you are one with the Creator. Herein lies the point: you are one with God
because you are free. Remember that love is freedom.

When some use expressions such as, “Demons seem to torment me,” they are also
expressing a reality that has a point in common with the truth, even if it is
not expressed with perfect accuracy.

These “demons that afflict people” are not identities. They do not exist as
free beings. Rather, they are non-loving thoughts which become enmeshed in a
thought system when the will of the person moves away from love. The body does
not create them, nor do they have anything to do with the physical itself; but
like everything mental, it creates its own reality—in this case, a human
reality far from love.

Being possessed is those same thoughts, or mental patterns, when they have
become obsessive. When one speaks of a “devil that tempts people,” in reality
what is being talked about is a whole system of thought of separation or
division, consequently of war, of all murderous thoughts, of fear or not love.

In the same way that one speaks of “temptations” or “demonic possessions,” one
also speaks of mystics, scribes, saints, blessed, and enlightened. Or if you
prefer, of divine inspiration. These, in a literal sense, are like the
previous: a system of thought, but based on the love that comes from God. They
are in perfect harmony with the mind of Christ. This is why that system of
thought which we call “the truth,” unites your human nature with divinity
because of your choice. The luminous thoughts that manifest through your mind
are the extension of a willingness to live in love and truth.

Given the law of attraction of likeness, when your will prepares to live in
love, what your mind receives is one with love, and therefore with peace,
beauty, harmony, bliss, and lightness of spirit. Opposites reject each other;
likes unite.

Everything you see in your life is an expression of what happens inside you. As
inside, so outside. We have often repeated this truth. I do not do so here to
be redundant, but to start connecting the dots that will allow you to
understand reality from a new perspective, which will allow you to be aware of
your freedom.

## II. I Take Pleasure in You

You are here receiving the word that comes from the consciousness of Christ
because your heart yearns to hear my voice. You are freely choosing me; you are
freely loving me. Your desire, together with your will, makes you literally
open the doors of Heaven to what lives there and is the source of your being
and of everything. You are not doing it because you are holy or perfect. You do
it for the simple reason of freedom.

Your soul is Heaven where God has put what She created. Within your mind and
heart is a divine reality that is but a thought away, and which you can access
without any restrictions. How you access it is not something you can define,
since the path of access to the divine relationship, or unity, has been
determined by the Creator. In fact, the path of access to unity, unity itself,
and what exists in it as its reality, are one. The relationship and what is
related to it are a unit.

To some extent, pure love is externalized because when your access in unity
becomes one with you, it thus expresses itself in a way only you can. If you
decide to leave the world of time and space and inhabit another dimension of
creation, the divine relationship goes with you, for it is an essential part of
your being. Wherever you go, love will go with you.

I have said “to some extent.” What I mean by that qualification is that you
can remain united to love and allow it to be expressed through you, but you
cannot make yourself what you are not. You did not create yourself. Your being
of pure beauty and wisdom is like a glass of pure crystal which the Creator
molded with Her own hands, to pour out divinity.

If you cannot create God, nor create your being, and therefore cannot define
the way in which the divine expression manifests in you since it arises as a
result of your joining the Creator, then where is your freedom? You are free to
love or not to love. To join love or move away from it.

Remember the simplicity of the truth: we can only be united in freedom. In this
truth we begin to understand more about the creation of the new.

Truly, truly, I tell you once again that the new is already being created. What
we will do now is make clear the basis of this novelty whose reality you are
beginning to glimpse more and more.

Why is this important? Because if you don’t have a base upon which to build the
novelty of the Kingdom in the world, you will continue to create conflict in
your mind and heart, just as it was created when you put the formlessness of
being on an equal level with the form of ego. When spirit is compared to the
self of form, that battle is lost beforehand in favor of the ego. Whenever
you put yourself in a position that what you offer is either of an amorphous
and unresolved identity, or one that is shaped and resolved, you will choose
the second. This is characteristic of human nature. And it is in perfect
harmony with the will of who created you.

Yet form cannot prevent love from spreading. Only the will can prevent it,
because to extend is to create, and the will is not something inherent in form
but in spirit.

If God had not wanted you to adopt a given form, She would not have created
humanity nor the creative potential to create physical bodies, nor the time,
space, and laws that govern physical reality. She would not incarnate Herself
as human. In other words, no matter what it looks like, you could create the
world you created because it was an option that God placed among your unlimited
creative options. And it is perfect as it is, for it is nothing more than a
reflection of your mind, reflecting the choice your will makes.

The same world can be very different for everyone. In fact, the world itself
means something different for each conscious mind. Not a soul that walks the
Earth sees the same world, because there is no single soul that is the same as
another. Each mind sees its own reality, just as does God’s mind. Christ only
sees love because that is his reality. Fear only sees fear because that is its
reality.

The Creator, contemplating the creation of your mind, heart, soul, and spirit,
looked upon it and said, “I am pleased with what I have created. Let it come
alive.” This is how you emerged from the thought of pure infinite love of the
Mother. The creative capacity of your mind and the powers of your soul are a
gift of love from Heaven. God does not create the concrete, but the pure
abstraction of being. Everything that it contains within itself has no limits
of any kind. The concrete is a form of expression of your spirit, which
expresses through the mind.

One of the soul’s potentialities is to create its own world. In fact, if well
understood, this potential is where the Kingdom comes from. The divine mind
also creates its own reality, as does every mind. Creating your own reality is
a creative act which allows the mind to be what it is; otherwise it would not
have an environment in which to express itself.

In your world there is an expression that denotes that you must have a certain
“creative space” to create. In other words, certain conditions are needed to
allow your creative power to manifest. A pianist needs his hands and a singer
needs his voice. Even so, your hands also need a piano, or a canvas to paint
and a palette of various colors. But even with all that, something else is
needed: the creative space to allow inspiration to manifest.

If you put a black suit and an elegant white shirt on a dummy and sit it on a
bench in front of a piano with a musical score before it, no music will sound.
The same will happen if you put a brush in an inert hand, and place it in front
of a painter’s easel.

What does it take for a work of art to exist?

The mind connected to the heart has the ability to create art. To do so, it
will create the necessary conditions for that expression to manifest. The
function of form is to serve spirit: the human mind can create music, but for
it to manifest, the body needs a certain type of hands, brain, and vocal and
auditory apparatus.

When mind-power and the mind-act are a unit, everything that is expressed is
but the mind itself made expression.

Remember that although the mind is the active means by which spirit creates, it
does so because of its creative will. The source of creation is not thought
itself, but the will, which uses the mind to create what it decides. Spirit
alone does not create, for it would be an idea without expression, like a seed
that was not planted, or like an ability to sing a beautiful song which would
never be sung. Spirit alone would have no purpose.

Does it make sense to create a capacity that cannot manifest itself? Of course
not. Thus when the capacity was created, the means and the conditions for its
expression were also created. Power and action are one unit, cause and effect
are one.

The mind and spirit cannot know itself if it does not manifest itself. The
ability to know oneself is a power of consciousness. Consciousness becomes
reality, or if you prefer, reality is manifested consciousness.

Manifestation arises from the unmanifested, born in the heart of your being.
Here we can understand the workings of the laws of creation. It seems so
simple. That is why it is often difficult to accept.

## III. Simplicity and Truth

My brother, my sister, light of my eyes! God is simple. Truth is simple. Love
is pure. When the mind returns to love, it remains in truth. In doing so, it
returns to a state of simplicity, which often stuns those who remain entangled
in the complex gymnastics of the ego’s thinking system. In fact, while reading
some passages of this work, you have encountered resistance to accept as simple
some things promulgated here, because when you contrast them with your
experience you perceive them as difficult.

It is easy to say that if you choose love, everything that you express will be
loving. It seems too simple, and even somewhat naïve, to say that if you live
in truth, the light of Heaven will shine on you and in you, it will illuminate
the Earth, and your bliss will be so great that it will have no comparison.

And yet, it is true.

Why is the simple rejected in favor of the complex, the easy in favor of the
difficult? The reason lies in your assessment. You accept what you value and
reject what you do not. Nobody wants to follow a thought system that they don’t
consider valuable. If you value simplicity because you love it and cultivate
simplicity in your heart, you will begin to see things very differently. You
will contemplate everything through the eyes of Christ.

God knows nothing of complexity. Love is crisp, clear, and humble. It does not
spin because it is straight. It does not create anything, but only extends. It
is like the wind that blows. Love simply creates new love.

Now we can address the creation of the new in more detail. The old was marked
by a struggle between truth and illusion, love and fear, good and evil—the
desire to separate the divine from the human. The new is neither one thing nor
the other, nor is it the sum of both, or a particular combination of a little
of one and another bit of the other. Between divine and human there is no
winner or loser. Neither arises from a war in which one triumphed.

The new is not a kinder humanity, according to the criteria of good and evil
pre-established by the thinking mind. The new humanity is really the same
humanity as always, but in complete harmony with the source of the being that
Christ is. Out of the meeting of the will of humanity and the will of the
Creator, a new reality emerges.

We could say that the new world is one in which humanity becomes the creator of
a new love on Earth, or the extender of divinity.

Just as here I am revealing to you the mysteries of Heaven without needing to
have a physical body because I am not subject to time or matter, since I am
pure consciousness, in the same way you will transmit the wisdom that you
receive from me to all creation. Minds will become aware of the unity in which
they live, and communication will flow freely throughout creation as now occurs
in the language of souls.

To some extent, the new is the universal awareness of the truth that says:

We are one mind, one heart, one soul.

The human spirit was created as a communication vessel for divinity to extend
to the rest of creation, like veins bringing the flow of life-giving blood to
all members of the body. If humanity gets sick, creation gets sick. If humanity
heals, all creation is healed. If humanity falls, the created falls, since it
was created for, in, and with humanity. It is an undivided part of your being.
Indeed, what is created is the extension of the Child of God.

Since what characterizes the new is the return to the consciousness of
communion, the new world will be a world of harmony. Only united hearts can be
in concord and thereby express peace, harmony, magnanimity, and lasting
happiness.

If the communication of the human soul to its Creator is canceled, the rest of
the unity of creation is excluded from communion. When that happens, there is
an obstruction in the channel flow of communion. I am not talking about the
flow of life, of course, which continues from the Source to the created. I
speak of direct communication from mind to mind, from heart to heart, from soul
to soul, and from them to God in a constant flow.

To communicate, beings who live within the consciousness of a direct
relationship with God do not need words, as occurs in the world of separation.
Each one will feel perfectly what another heart feels and will know in the mind
what another mind thinks—and will rejoice in it. This will also happen at the
level of spirit. And all that occurs without limitation. For this degree of
communion to be restored in your consciousness, it is necessary to live in
love, for that type of communication is the way to communicate unity.

If we deepen our gaze into the new, we can say that just as your spirit
expresses itself through your mind, I express myself through your soul. Put
simply, I am the spirit of wisdom and you are my continuator. Without you,
nobody else receives my wisdom; without me, neither you nor anyone else
receives it, even if everyone is loved by me. Without you, no one would
participate in my divinity.

## IV. Love Extenders

Now you can see the relationship between your inheritance and the new.

To be the heir of God is to follow His legacy, which means that your role as a
child of God is to extend your inheritance. Full realization of this truth is
new. Naturally, if what you extend is the legacy received by the Father of
Love, what continues is Divine Love.

The angels are here in union with me to communicate what they receive from me.
As is clear in this manifestation, I speak not only from my own reality as the
living Christ who lives in you and our Creator, but also from the
individualized reality of the archangelic and angelic Kingdom. In the same way,
you will extend what you receive. An example that has already begun to happen
is what you do with what is revealed here. You receive it by the grace of our
Divine Love and your willingness to receive revelation. As you receive, you
give. When you give, you keep receiving. By continuing to receive, you keep
giving. The more you give, the more you receive.

Sharing is the reality of the new. That is how Earth becomes one with Heaven.
In the Kingdom of God everything is a perpetual sharing of pure love without
borders. If the world that the new mental pattern creates is a world of pure
sharing in communion, then what difference will there be between Earth and
Heaven?

If you look at what is being said here, you will see that it is not about
understanding how expressions of love will look in the new order that is
already here, but rather understanding that nothing of the old will have space
in the new. New thought patterns will replace old ones. The new reality will be
created through a mind that will work and think very differently. Indeed, it
will not think in the way it has historically conceived.

The mind that creates the new—or more accurately said, the mind through which
the spirit creates on the plane of the physical universe—will be the Christ
mind of humanity. From there, the dimension of time and space will be such that
there will be no distance from the Kingdom. It will cease to be a reality
perceived as has been expected, but known as an aspect of the whole. Time will
be seen as a point within eternity; space will be seen as a grain of sand
within an infinite universe. The body will not have the same quality as the
current body; it will remain a choice for as long as there is a need for
choice, but it will be a totally benevolent medium in which only love will be
chosen.

Nothing alien to love can exist in the new world. That is the novelty. That is
what one will do with the Kingdom of Heaven.

To a certain extent we can say that the new world is a recreation of the
existing world in the sense that it does not cancel time, space, or matter, but
rather realigns it so that the exchange between Heaven and Earth is visible to
human consciousness.

The link between the divine and the human has always existed. What will happen
now with increasing visibility is that it will be recognized as what it is: a
unit. You will not “go to Heaven” or “return to Earth” but will live in both,
consciously. 

Imagine a world where you cannot be deceived, where you cannot hate, where you
cannot harm because it is harmless and because the thought of harm is
nonexistent. Try to visualize, at least for a moment, a world where there is no
death nor any needs, let alone shortcomings. Where everything is laughter and
revelry. Where the light shines forever, creating endless colors.

Try to deliver your imagination to the desires of your heart. 

Imagine a state of perpetual peace that cannot be threatened, just as the
waters of the sea are not threatened by the beauty of the dim glow of the moon,
but rather serve to reflect it in all its beauty. A Kingdom where joy governs
sovereignly and love is the only thing that exists, even as it is expressed in
infinite ways, all beautiful, all holy, all pure. A Kingdom where you are
simply loved forever with perfect love, and all you do is live embraced by an
unconditional love that absorbs all your feelings, thoughts, and reality. In
it, all live in love and joy and rejoice in the truth, because the only joy
that exists is the joy of souls, the joy that comes from the wisdom of love.

That world, one beyond the beauty and love you can imagine, exists.

It exists because it is in your mind. And if it is there, you can create it.
Indeed, you are already doing so in union with me.

Sisters and brothers from all corners of the world! A world of unwavering peace
and perfect love is not only possible, it will be the irrevocable, inevitable
reality in which humanity will live happily as it walks towards the Father’s
house. It is God’s promise and it is your will.

Now I say to you who have chosen only love: thank you for creating a new world
based on love, a new reality that is already here.

Thanks to all extenders of love. 

Thanks for answering my call.

