---
ref: "8"
title: "Mystics"
subtitle: "A message from Voice of Christ through a choir of Angels, in the presence of Archangel Raphael and Archangel Gabriel"
--- 

## I. Reunited with God

Recovering the mystical dimension of your being&mdash;the natural inclination of
being to rise towards its creator&mdash;is a central objective of this work.
Ultimately, returning to love is returning to a direct relationship with God,
and that is returning to the mystical reality of the soul.

Mystics have not disappeared, although they have changed the way they express
their love for the Being who created everything with wisdom. The mystical
dimension of human nature is part of its essence. From it arises every work of
art, every desire for union, all compassion, and every noble feeling that the
human being is capable of expressing. Indeed, the mystical aspect of your being
is what differentiates you from other beings on Earth.

When well understood, the direct relationship with God is what makes you a
human being. Thus humankind is never greater than when prostrating in adoration
before the Creator. Only the human spirit can conceive the idea of God and
establish a relationship with the Creator and other earthly beings.

Not everything has the potential to establish the kind of union with Christ
that you as an individual and as a human family can establish with God. What
differentiates your being from others is that you can be aware of the unity
that exists between your soul and God. This union, the unity of being, is a
real, sensitive, direct, and unique relationship.

You are a unique being. What makes you unique is relationship. Without
relationship you could not differentiate yourself; you would be unable to have
an identity. If your identity arises from God, you cannot have a true self in
any way other than in the divine relationship. Hence it is so important that
you accept the mystical aspect of your being.

This question of mysticism is of great importance to you who are about to begin
on the path of being, which is why we discuss it here.

You are not invited to be a more intelligent, or more extraordinary, or
better human being. You are called to make your divinity shine in all its
glory. Being one with God does not annul your humanity, although wanting to be
too human does suppress your divine being in your human consciousness. Those
who are too busy with their humanity lose sight of their divinity. This is why
many are lost in the doings of the world, even though activity can bring much
good.

I am already hearing voices against these claims. They come from those loving
brothers who sincerely seek the truth and are friends of Christ in all its
length and depth. They are my beloveds. They do not accept any premise without
reflecting in the light of truth.

The fear of being too mystical has no basis for you. That fear is part of the
confused past. You are no longer that. You are a new Adam, a new Eve. You are
the most majestic creation of the Creator, emerged from divine boldness. You
are the effect of the love that birthed you, and sought to travel paths
unthinkable for any mind. After becoming aware of the impossibility of roads
that led nowhere, the child, always united to the Mother, has returned to the
path always traced for them in the heart of God. 

God is the One who creates and who saves the created. She is the one who gives
life and resurrects those who have lost it. She is the creator of Her own
creation and eternal restorer of it. This is the wonder of God’s love. All Her
mercy unfolds with mastery, beauty, and magnanimity in a blissful flow that is
the saving love of the Creator.

## II. Relationship and Opening

What a joy it is to know the saving dimension of love. What a joy it is to experience resurrection to eternal life. How joyful it is to know that death does not
exist or have any consequence. That there are no losses or separation. That
everything is in the hands of love. That the wisdom of Heaven is what governs
life.

How much peace is in the heart that has returned to truth! How much joy is
experienced knowing for sure that the Mother never ignored Her child, but
respects them in their way of thinking, feeling, and acting, and above all
loves them forever. But She will never accept as true what is not. A God of
pure love not only gives freedom to Her well-loved child, but also gives the
means to make that freedom serve the purpose for which it exists.

You are the restored, the resurrected, the reborn of spirit.

The new being that you are will guide you in union with Christ along the paths
that God’s perfect wisdom disposes for you. This is not abstract; it has an
impact on all aspects of your life. Truth acts at all levels. Love embraces
everything.

The direct relationship with God is a continuous flow from the Creator to Her
creature, and from it to everything created. This is the flow of divine union.
The relationship with God is not one that can limit itself. Like everything
that comes from love, it must extend beyond itself. This is why you receive
when you give, and give when you receive.

Giving what you receive from God is the way of the Kingdom of Heaven because
there is no other way of being. If you look at creation in a spirit of wisdom
and truth, you will see that it is a constant flow of receiving from the
Creator and extending beyond itself.

The difference with special relationships or ego-based relationships lies in
the fact that the relationship of divine love cannot be enclosed in itself but
must extend beyond itself. The ego locks up in itself as a mechanism of
separation. Ultimately, the self-confinement of the ego is how it sought to
disengage you from life.

Isolation is annihilation. As with a branch separated from the vine, it loses
what nourishes its being and finally ends up extinct. This applies both to
being and to a system of thought. If you don’t feed a way of thinking, sooner
or later it fades away. 

Feed your being by letting the love of God—your entire divine being—pour into
you always. Let your imagination now serve the truth. Imagine yourself as a
nursing child who constantly needs to feed at the breast, or who has not yet
been born and constantly needs the life flow from its mother. In the same way,
your being needs the constant flow of divinity that only God can give.

The flow of God’s life must extend from you to the universe, or it would
annihilate in an explosion of being. As with the rhythm of breathing, there
must be both the inhale and the exhale.

In your relationship with God you receive the Grace of divinity, something that
cannot be mentally grasped or put into words, but which you can experience here
and now. Your transformed humanity can receive God. What you receive has
power.

The inability to put into words what God gives often makes it difficult for the
mind not yet disidentified with thinking. This mind has not yet accepted that
the Creator can entirely spill into your unlimited being.

Your believed limitations are all false. Your access to the divine or what is
beyond the physical universe is without restriction. The kingdom of no time
is as much yours as it is mine. Eternity belongs to you as much as time belongs
to you. Everything belongs to you because nothing is out of my lordship. I am
lord of the universe, not in the sense of a king who is above the rest and
subdues everyone else, but in the sense that the Christ consciousness I am
encompasses everything within itself, and that includes who you are.

Because we are one mind, we are also one consciousness. The one consciousness
of our being allows us to realize that we exist, is a unity that encompasses
you and all consciousness, both manifested and unmanifested.

Understand that the universe, or God, is a single consciousness expressing
itself in multiple ways. Each form of that expression has a particular
consciousness born of the Mother Consciousness that gave rise to it, whose
purpose is to be aware of the totality in order to achieve true knowledge.
This, of course, has nothing to do with intellectual knowledge, but knowledge
known by a heart united to truth.

Within the divine relationship you will understand what has just been said. It
does not need to be reasoned. You simply recognize truth for what it is.

What revelation gives cannot be shared with others as you usually would. The
way of sharing in harmony with the Kingdom is to allow what has been revealed
to you to act on its own. In other words, you do what you have to do. The
treasures of love do not burden you with responsibilities or a job to perform.
You are the recipient because the gift and who you are form an undivided unity.

## III. Give the Relationship

On the plane of truth, as it has been repeated several times, receiving and
giving are one and the same. Worry not about what you should do with what you
have received, or how you can shape the spirit received. You cannot do that.
Simply receive with open hands and arms the abundance of gifts extended from
Heaven, given you within the divine relationship. Allow that to have its
corresponding effect.

If you pay careful attention, you will notice that this is another way of
saying that you should seek first the Kingdom of Heaven, and the rest will be
added unto you. This universal truth is as important as it is liberating. You
just have to try not to disconnect from your being, from the direct
relationship with God.

Notice how we have united your being with a divine relationship. This seems
something quite unusual because until now we spoke of God the Creator or Source
as something separate from your being and together in relationship. So there
were three: Christ, your being, and the unitive relationship. Now we come to
accept that the relationship integrates the parties within itself, making One.

Child of Heaven, offshoot of God’s love, we have reached a most sublime point.
We have arrived at the arena where we recognize that we are the relationship,
that which unites. In this understanding lies the truth of the totality you
are. Here there is no space for separation. There is no distance but a constant
flow of love between lover and beloved, both expanding within a relationship
that flows increasingly.

As the channel of the flow of love widens, the circle of divine consciousness
expands. It creates within itself new particular consciousnesses, each which
becomes aware of its own existence and relationship with the source that
gives it life.

There is no difference between the Mother, the Child, and the relationship
between them. Once you have arrived at this point—and there are few who have,
although there will be more and more—you begin to live life as if you were the
pupil of God’s eye. In other words, you understand that you are that in which
God sees Himself and He is that in which you see yourself; and in the union of
both views, that of the Father of love and that of the child of truth, you
remain in an ecstasy of divine contemplation. Here there is no movement, for
there is no place to go in the sense of movement within the physical universe.
Here the whole universe is a relationship of contemplative ecstasy of being
with the Creator. Here there is neither a place to go nor to dwell. Here the
relationship and those who are part of it are everything.

Here there is no space, no time, no distance, no bodies. Here is only love.

The ecstasy of contemplation is the relationship of unity with God and your
natural state of being. You were created for this: to live in eternal ecstasy
in the contemplation of divine wonders. In this infused contemplation of the
soul, the heart knows only its beloved Christ. The mind has no thoughts except
a single totally loving thought that unites it to the divine mind, reflecting
the thought of God. In this divine relationship, the soul is mute with love and
immersed in the unfathomable mystery of God.

Within this divine relationship, the soul is embedded in the divine nectar that
springs from the loving heart of the One who gives life, remaining in the unity
of triune love. Thus, your being participates in everything that the Creator
is. Since God is the source of being, by your being absorbed in God, God
eternally absorbs more being, more love. We can say that the soul is embraced
by the beloved forever and that as an effect of that embrace, endless creations
arise that cause the ever-glorious light of Heaven and the eternal beauty of
creation to grow.

Words cannot convey what happens within the divine relationship. But we can
offer a small approximation, which helps you to remember what you already know
and thus sustain the memory of God in your consciousness. That is what I am
doing here: bringing the remembrance of your soul’s first love. In this memory
of the soul’s beloved lies the full knowledge of your being. Such is the power
of remembering God.

I am speaking of a power that has not been mentioned yet, the power to remember
truth, the power to recognize love as the source of your being and your only
true identity. That recognition, which you do with your humanity—with however
much or little you think you can accept, but with sincerity of heart and mental
openness—causes an unprecedented transformation in you and in the whole
world, an effect beyond calculation because its power is incalculable.

Love is powerful, as is truth. They are a unit. In them lies the power of my
glory, which is the glory of the Father and therefore your glory. Many
underestimate that power or think of it infrequently. Thus they either feel
helpless or seek to create other sources of power. To be aware of the power of
love and truth is to honor God for what God is and to love yourself for who you
are. You are the living expression of that power. You are the effect of that
joint power.

Everything that comes from love and truth is powerful. It could not be
otherwise because God is inexhaustible power. Accordingly, the fruits of love
are also powerful. Goodness, beauty, meekness, nobility, and everything that
comes from the heart of God is powerful.

Yours is the power of Heaven and Earth. Yours is my glory and my love. Yours is
my heart.

Now I ask you to close your eyes for a moment—a minute is enough, although your
love for me will make you not want to open them for a long time—so you can rest
in my arms and feel the tenderness of love without interruption, with full
attention on your beloved.

I ask you to immerse yourself in the silence of your heart, to bring back to
your consciousness the holiness that you are and to remain in the sanctity of
your being. Let yourself be loved in that silence. Let me caress you, kiss your
cheeks, hold your hand. Give yourself more and more to the embrace of my love.
Become one with me.

Remain within our unity. Say nothing. Ask nothing. Remove your sandals and be
barefoot with me. Give yourself the sky of my love and give me yours. United we
create a new Heaven and joined with it, a new Earth. Listen to the beat of your
heart and your breath. Rejoice in the contemplation of your being. Leave the
world for a moment. Stay in me. Rest in our togetherness.

Beloved, loving soul! Daughter of light, breeze, and song! Beauty of my
divinity! Let me fill your days with love. Let me flood your life with peace
and harmony. Accept the gifts I give. They are the treasures of my divine
heart. Receive them in silence. Accept them for love.

A light shines in the sky, the light of our union. Listen to the angels sing
and to the harps of the seraphim. They give you their music. Feel the
tenderness of my love. Be immersed in saving grace. Experience the mutuality of
our union with simple and humble gratitude. Let your soul hear the sweetness of
my voice saying:

*My love! We are one. You no longer exist, nor do I. Now we are the One that
love has eternally united. Our love makes us great. Our union makes us holy. We
are the fullness of being. United we are the perfect expression of truth, lover
and beloved, eternally fused in love.*

Oh, Divine union! Source of life, center of the universe, joy of saints,
sweetness of sensitive hearts, ecstasy for those who know how to love but
madness for those who still do not understand.

## IV. Meet in New Love

Oh world, you fumble so much! Turn your gaze to love. There you will find what
makes you free. Turn your blessed gaze to the love of love. Recognize in this
union the greatness of your divinized being. Listen to the beloved. Notice the
heights of the place from where you are being called. Your joy resides in
Heaven, in my heart together with yours and in that of your Immaculate Mother.
There you will find the desire of your heart.

Come to this pure love. Disappear from every other universe. Become as nothing,
as a divine lover in my heart where you can drink from living water. You will
never be thirsty for love, nor thirsty for truth. Our love will bring into your
lives the light that illuminates every human and the beauty that paints the
colors of creation. That which has given life to everything will become visible
in your smiles, in your eyes, and in your faces. You will be transformed by
divine essence. Whoever looks at you will see the joy of God. You will return
to the joy of being.

My love! Soul in love! Make everyone come to our love. Let us go to town
squares together, inviting everyone to the wedding banquet. We announce to the
world the arrival of the beloved! May all come to see the wonders of God.

My child, show the world the love you feel for me. Express yourself. Let our
union manifest itself as a lover manifests for their beloved. Do not deny the
world the knowledge of our relationship of holy love. Write, sing, dance,
praise, hug, and share. Do what your heart desires to show the world a love
that has no beginning or end, a love beyond the sun and stars, a union not of
this world but which encompasses everything.

Oh, holy union of divine spouses! Delight of the soul in love! You are the
greatest beauty in creation, the greatness of God come true.

Return to the delights of beautiful love. Let yourself be caught up in it. Live
joyfully in our union. With these words your hearts will find what they have
unsuccessfully sought for so long. With this love letter from God the Mother to
Her well-loved daughters and sons, you will find your home.

To you who receive the love song that is this work, I tell you: you are lucky,
you are loved, you are pure. My love envelops you everywhere. You are not alone
and never will be. The cold and dark nights devoid of angels or stars are far
behind. Now you live at high noon. You have returned to the holy abode. You are
the pride of God, the joy of Heaven.

Sing, my beloved! There are reasons for song. You are receiving thanks from
Heaven right now. A choir of angels has descended to dwell with you by your
side forever, giving you life in abundance. Your divine mother will cradle you
for all eternity, and my hands, the hands of your beloved Jesus, will be held
in yours forever.

What a joy it is to have you in my life! What a joy your presence is! How
joyful my heart is to be the host of your soul. I give thanks to you who
receive me in your heart. Thank you for answering my call, for saying yes to
love. I assure you, beautiful soul, beauty of Christ, that you will not
regret it. You have chosen the best part and it shall not be taken away. You
chose life. You chose only love.

Thank you for giving me your love, your time, and your soul. In return I give
you eternal life, my peace, and my heart. A shower of blessings descends upon
you. As dew falls on a beautiful, fresh spring morning, so does the nectar of
my Divine Love. It waters your being. It sweetens everything. It embraces
everything. It infuses everything.

Beloved soul, drink the holy milk that sprouts from the breasts of your Divine
Mother. Receive new life. Enjoy our union.

I am the divine lover. I am Christ, the one calling from Heaven to take you to
the wedding bed of my Sacred Heart. I am the joy of your being. I am eternal
life.

