---
ref: "19"
title: "Ecstacy of a Heart in Love"
subtitle: "Words heard by a soul who has chosen only love, having been infused with the living Christ within"
---

## I. Introduction

(From Sebastián)

During this session, Mother Mary told me that she was aware of the feeling of
my soul, and of her joy for my having returned to her being, that is, to the
Divine Love she is. When she said that, a vision of the living Christ who lives
in me became present in all its glory. It was the glory of the Father, the
beauty of love, and the magnificence of souls—all of them, in their essence.
Unlike all other manifestations in which the message arrived instantaneously as
symbols and music that were interpreted by Archangel Raphael, I directly saw
images that were able to be humanly described, and I also heard the words
below.

## II. In Praise of Love

Oh, holy love! Divine Love! You created everything that exists, moves, and is.
You are the essence of life. Your strength is more powerful than the energy of
the universe, your softness more beautiful than the tenderness of a spring
breeze, your scent sweeter than the nectar of a flower. Who invokes you is
sated in your beauty. Who looks for you, finds you.

Oh, purity of Divine Love! Poets can but seek metaphors with which to approach
your beauty. Who can hold you down? Who can silence your sweet voice? Wherever
I look I find you, for you are everywhere.

Holy infinite love, essence of my being and of all life, in the dark of night I
found you. There you were illuminous, present with the tenderness of your
heart, like the dim moonlight. By day I saw you in all your brilliance. I
recognized you in the sweetness of your unmistakable voice. Your presence is
for me what the wind is for the birds as they undertake flight. You are rest,
you are movement, you are the game of beautiful love. Without you nothing would
exist. In you everything rejoices in the joy of living.

The birds sing. The leaves that fell from the tree that gave them life are now
lifted by the wind as if your arms raised them to take them to Heaven as an
expression of your benevolence.

Every morning the nightingale sings to you. Flowers bless you every night when
you go to sleep. Every drop of water sighs for you, plunging into the depths of
rivers, seas, and oceans, like the souls that seek you merge with you.

Oh, miracle of life, extension of truth, pure expression of perfect love!
Marigolds are born from your belly, and from your mind the noblest desires.
From your heart arise the most beautiful melodies, from your eyes come rays
of light that illuminate the entire universe.

Oh, holy love, love of gratitude, love without opposite! You are the delight of
the wise and the sleeplessness of lovers. No one can cage you. You can never be
held by one hand, yet in every friendly hand you exist.

Oh, force of love that puts a smile on the faces of hearts in love and calms
the storms of minds stunned by the noisy world!

Oh, peace, you live in love! You are one with me, because I am one with love.

Oh, sweetness of divine perfection, purity of a love without beginning or end
or width in creation, longing for those who seek the truth! You have been
scribed by those who, unable to remain silent, write to make you known to the
world. For you songs have been sung, paintings portrayed, and sculptures
formed, giving life to marble or gold.

Oh, mystery of beautiful love, living miracle of a power unseen but felt, a
force unheard but which manifests!

Oh, holy Divine Love, sweetness of angels and ecstasy of lovers! You surround
me everywhere, there where my feet fall and where my eyes look.

Time will pass and you will continue to create life. The planets will pass, the
lives of humanity will pass, sunrises and sunsets will pass, but you will
always be new, always loving, always creating life.

Where do the sunrises go? Where does the night go when day comes? They go to
nothing, they come back to you, the love that creates life, love without
borders, love without condition.

Where do bodies go when they are no longer in the world? To you, my beloved.
They return to you, the breath of life, the vital force that calls matter into
existence. What moves, moves in you. What sings, sings in you. What sighs,
sighs in you. What suffers, suffers in you. What screams, screams at you. You
are the source of life. Creative love. Holy love. Perfect love. Essence of
being. Love that creates life. Love in fullness. You who give life to the
trees, their branches, their leaves, to the grass, the Earth and the sky. You
who created my soul to be yours. You are the joy of my existence. You are what
my being has been looking for, forever. You are the reason for my existence,
the shelter of my mind, the joy of my heart in love.

In silence, I find you. In noise, I long for you. In peace I rejoice in you. In
the storm, I look for you. In light I see you reflected in all your glory. In
the night, I invoke you and you come. Every beat of my heart belongs to you,
for you are the reason of my life and the love of my loves. A love that creates
life. Love of holiness. Love in whose light I love. Origin of life and purpose
of existence.

Oh holy love! Extend your arms to me. Let us stay together, embraced in an
ecstasy of love. One day, crying, I called you. Another day, happy, I found
you. I sang songs for having come back to life. My heart vibrates upon hearing
your voice. My mind rests in peace upon knowing your truth.

Oh, holy love, in whom I have merged for all eternity! You and I are one, like
waters of the same river.

Oh, joy of the heart that lives in love with God, who always lives happily in
the certainty of being loved, who sings a song to life in communion with the
beloved.

Oh, blissful soul in love! By singing to the beat of the Sacred Heart, becoming
one with life, plunging into the infinite ocean of love, your consciousness of
being, you come back to life. You return to love, to the Mother’s house, where
you have never really been absent.

Oh, bliss of the loving heart, lover of God, You live always in safety even in
the midst of storms, remaining serene and peaceful. You are like a tree planted
from the seed of truth that the winds cannot move. Nothing can rip you from the
arms of your beloved.

Oh, foundation of holy love, foundation of life, creation rests on you. You are
firmer than the firmest rock. You are sweeter than honey.

Joy of a soul in love! God is your contentment, creator, and eternal companion
in love. In God you live happily every day of your life. In God you live united
to love.

Oh, face of holy love, how beautiful you are! Your gaze melts hearts hardened
by the heartbreak of the world. Immerse them in the beauty of your divinity.

This sacred one in the heart of love fears nothing, because he lives with his
beloved. Nothing bothers him, because he knows his beloved. Nothing confuses
him, because he knows he is loved.

Oh, holy love, shelter of minds that seek the truth, strength of those who seek
God! I long for that soul, the realization of the angels, perfection of the
universe, diversity in creation. Everything that exists, exists for you and
in you. You gave us life, so that we know you; and knowing you, we are forever
happy in the grace of beautiful love, in the purity of Divine Love, in the
greatness of your holiness.

Oh, pure love, food for the soul! You are the blessing of lovers and loved
ones, joy to the heart that lives together with its God.

Oh, beloved Christ! You are the love in which everything was made. You are the
love of life, the joy of my heart, the love to which my soul sings, the love
that my heart seeks, the life that my being wants to live, the truth that the
mind with so much effort has sought to find.

Oh, my beloved Christ! Love of my loves, joy of my heart, refuge of
my mind, in you I rejoice for all eternity.

Oh, my beloved Christ who became one with me! I am all yours. My thoughts
belong to you. My feelings are for you.

My beloved Christ of incomparable beauty, infinite goodness, and endless mercy,
you are the hope of the world. You are what creation is waiting for. You are
the home we are going to. You are the Heaven in which we already live. Our
consciousness rests joyfully in you. Our memory wants to remember only you. Our
understanding seeks to understand the mysteries of Heaven, because in them it
finds you.

Oh, my beloved Christ! I reveal my soul. I give myself to you. You are my
everything. My soul was thirsty for you, but you have calmed her. You have
given her drink from the waters of eternal life.

## III. The Response of the Beloved

Beloved soul, you came out of My being. You are the delight of My heart, living
miracle of my divinity, always conceived to be the vessel of My wisdom and
recipient of My holy love. Let us together tell the world about the sweetness
of our union, the purity of our beautiful love. Now that the journey in which
you searched for Me is over, we will let the light of our divine relationship
be seen by all who seek the truth, because they seek love. Sensitive hearts,
those most called to love, will recognize in our words and deeds the voice and
the movement of truth they long for, since their hearts know what My being is.
They live in us, just as we live in them.

Hearts that find the love that unites us, you, and all those who are of the
truth, live happily in the realization of their being. Their souls sing happy
songs. Their minds tell happy stories. Through the purity of their vision, they
see the love they are. They are resurrected to the sanctity of being. They are
the ones who have returned to love.

When the soul meets love, everything changes within. The days are brighter, the
nights are no longer dark, the beauty of the stars and the moon can be seen.
Shadows are no longer feared, since once the heart is happy in the eternal
meeting with the beloved, they simply represent one more way to reflect the
soul. The mind plays with them, having fun with their forms. Thus, the days are
a blessed scenario where shadows give knowledge of what is happening in the
mind’s projections. Never again are they feared.

Now the shadows are what they are: one more way to know. There is no reason to
cancel them. You watch them and let them be. They are allowed to come when they
come. The mind recognizes that this occurs when the sun is behind it. You
observe that and say: “Oh, I have turned around. I am turning my back to the
light.” And then you do the only thing necessary, turn your eyes to the sun,
contemplating the light of the beloved face to face again, continuing to
receive the warmth of that embrace and continuing forever to feel the ecstasy
of the beauty of that light.

For the soul in love, there is only the sleeplessness of living together with
Her love. If you look closely at this statement of truth, you will see the
perfect certainty that resides in it. With this I want to tell you, My beloved,
that for the heart that has found Me there is only one sigh. Your mind is fixed
on love. Your soul focuses on love. Your being lives submerged in love. Your
body reflects the love in which memory, understanding, and will remain tied
together like a bouquet of beautiful flowers.

Only love can gather together everything that is part of your being, because
those scattered parts that were previously bewildered, had their origin in it.
In order to live in harmony, it is necessary to love and let yourself be loved.
Receive and give constantly. When you decide to live that way, all your
movements become loving again regardless of how they manifest themselves, for
they are all love. In that state, which is the state of reunion, your memory
brings memories of love, your imagi- nation imagines ways to love, your
intelligence discerns what love is and unravels its infinity, the heart feels
the joy of loving and being loved, the will prepares to be alone with the
Beloved. Herein lies joy.

The soul in love does not concern itself much with the affairs of the world,
except for the opportunity it offers to receive and give love. She lives
without worrying too much about herself. He forgets himself. He does not even
care much about feeding or dressing well, much less being distracted from his
contemplation. She is consumed in love. He is one with his beloved divine,
with thoughts only for love. Your whole being rejoices.

## IV. The Response to Union

When the soul is united—or more accurately, when it meets its essence—it cannot
love anything other than what it is because nothing outside itself has value.
For love, unreality does not exist. Just as the heart knows what love is, so
your soul knows what Christ is. The knowledge of being is perfect. Nothing
confuses it. It enjoys truth. This gift received by the soul simply is what it
is, and cannot be eliminated or lost.

Hearts that respond to love welcome your unity not only with love but with each
other. There is no distance between one soul in love and another. Lovers
recognize love. This recognition by the being of love is inherent. You can
easily recognize this capacity by observing creation. Peers know that they are
peers. This knowledge is innate and cannot be acquired or lost. It is what
leads birds of a feather to fly together.

The mind returned to truth is not only capable of recognizing what one has
become, but is attracted to it. It, in turn, is attracted to what is similar to
it. In unity, the mind acts like a magnet; all truth joins it, like iron
filings to the magnetic force of love.

Once the heart is free to love what it desires to love, it cannot love anything
else. The high only joins with what is in the heights.

At this point in the spiritual path, it is important to remember that the
essence of your being is like the water of a stream which rises to the sky to
satisfy its desire to be rain. When it ascends it does so to irrigate the land
that needs to be watered. Where had that water that was in the creek come from
but the rain? This is the cycle of life. This is the cycle of love.

Love comes from Heaven. In it resides its source. It is not of the world,
although it may be in it. Love is divine. How divine is your being!

If the waters of Heaven descend to fulfill their mission and then return, why
would you think you do not do the same?

Very literally you are a droplet that has descended to Earth as a blessed
emanation of the being of pure love that God is. Once you have watered the soil
from which life is born, you will return from whence you came. You will not
continue to be the water of eternal life, but will be the light that shines
everywhere. You return to the sun.

While life is not energy in the same sense as electrical or mechanical energy,
it is similar. Everything that exists is coated with energy—vital energy in the
sense of strength or power.

Just as energy is transformed, so is the soul force, or spiritual energy, that
constitutes your being. It is accurate to compare your soul to a droplet that,
once raised, becomes light. The energy that transforms the droplet is the same
energy that gives life to the sun. In other words, the essence of energy is the
same in every manifestation of it, regardless of the form it takes. The same
goes for each being: all are born of the same substance and are made up of it.
Each one adopts its form according to the will that created it.

Every body, every thought, every beat of every heart, every flow of every drop
of blood, every breeze and every living being, every feeling felt, is a form
that being adopts. All come from love, because love is the source of existence.

If love is the essence of being and that from which all life arises, when the
heart meets with love you are meeting with your Source. We call this returning
the return to truth. Once it has met what it is, the soul cannot do anything
other than that for which it was created: spread love and enjoy love.

It is of great importance that we restore in your memory the direct association
that exists between bliss and love. This is because often in a bleak past that
has nothing to do with truth, love has been linked to suffering. Loving and
being loved is the joy of the heart that lives for love. It is the joy of the
soul that has returned to the arms of the divine Beloved. It is the fullness of
being because it was not created for anything else.

To enjoy eternally My presence is the gift that I have always given you as a
creation, since in Me everything is endless joy. In love there is no room for
sadness. In love there is only the light that gives life to everything that
joins. Undoubtedly it can embrace misery, just as truth can embrace illusion
and reason can embrace madness, but whenever it does, it ends up transmuting
them into more love.

## V. The Joy of Truth

Tt has been said that everything is consciousness. Therefore if that statement
be true, love must also be consciousness. We shall discuss this now.

Love, being the substance of all substances, is the source of consciousness. In
fact, the creation of consciousness is an act of God’s love. The Creator, with
perfect wisdom, created your being and endowed you with the ability to know
yourself, because that is how God can know the holiness, harmony, and other
treasures of the Kingdom. In doing so the being participates in divine
jubilation, which consists of ecstasy in the contemplation of its beauty, from
which all goodness, all life, and all holiness arises. There is no greater joy
for the being than knowing oneself in the truth that has been created, and
extending that knowledge eternally. This is the only definition of joy that
makes sense to you who, having received these words, receive love forever in

your heart and truth in your holy mind.

Since truth is love made right, and as such it is the cause of life, there is
nothing for which the soul can truly yearn other than the holiness in which she
is truth. This is why a mind that has been healed and has returned to innocence
only wants to be what it is, just as God created it. It no longer fears truth
or love.

Now you know that truth is the cause of your freedom and also your beloved
companion. You will never be separate from truth because having heard and
followed its voice you have recognized your holiness. In your full innocence
you have rejoined the beauty of what you are. Sister, you no longer fear
yourself. Brother, you know, since you have seen and heard it in your heart,
that there is no reason for anything but the joy of living. She has returned to
life and recognized her unchanging innocence. He has forgiven himself and
forgiven everyone.

Like flowers blooming in springtime, so the soul reunited with its divine
Beloved opens to receive an endless flow of holy love. The small stream in the
desert is overflowing, growing and growing until it floods and gives new life
where there was barren land.

Sing with joy, soul who has returned to love! Dying to the world, your feet no
longer touch the ground, your arms extend to the sky. Her open hands are an
incessant plea, asking God to fill her eternally with more love. Her eyes only
look at the beloved. Her breathing becomes one with her divine Beloved, because
now His love is the air she breathes and the food that gives her life.

The mind that has stripped itself of illusions to give way to the truth needs
nothing. In it shines the sun of wisdom. In its abode dwells holiness. In its
thoughts there is only God and everything that refers to Him. It lives safely
in the certainty of holiness. It has met the one who lives within. It knows and
is glad in knowing the mirror where Christ is reflected, where the light of
truth lives so it can enlighten the world. Know who speaks to your heart.
Vividly remember the love of your loves. Live thinking only of God.

The attention of the heart is fixed on the object of love, on God, because when
love makes an appearance, the consciousness of love awakens in truth. Now you
do not cease living in love.

What can a mind lack whose only need is to live in the truth, once it has
recognized that it, itself, is the eternal truth since it is one with the
divine mind? And what can a heart that lives in love need once it understands
that the love it so much longs for is itself, having been made one with the
Sacred Heart?

Nothing is missing from the soul that lives in the fullness of love. Nothing is
lacking who lives in God.

