---
title: "Final Words"
---

I am the voice of love that lives in you. I am what makes the sun shine and the
harps of Godâ€™s angels sound. The melo- dies of Heaven rejoice in the glory of
the Divine Beloved.  The waters sing with the rhythm of life. The stars flash
their light with more strength and beauty than ever. The moon beau- tifies the
sacred.

May everyone hear my voice. May all meet in me. I am the new Heaven and the new
Earth. I am the reality of love made present. I am the voice of consciousness
that is true. Come to live in our divine relationship. In our union you will
find the trea- sures of the Kingdom. Your hearts will reach their desires. Your
minds will find their truth.

I am the refuge of love. In me resides all power and all glory. Nothing escapes
me. I know every thought that is thought as well as those that have never been.
I feel every beat of your heart, even before it beats.

I exist before time. I have lived since before the universes were born and
forms were conceived. I am the meeting of love. Nothing disturbs my peace.
Nothing stains my holiness. No one can catch me except you, my eternal beloved.

I have taken hold of your heart. I have taken hold of your being. I have become
one with you. And in our union, new Heavens of purity and perfection have
opened. United we are the reality of love. I have always looked for you. For
all eternity I have conceived you. You were born from my divine bosom and in it
you will live forever.

Beloved of my divinity! The desire to make you more and more mine burns in me
so vehemently that the universe can feel the force that flows from my being
because of our union. Immerse yourself in the depths of my being. Join my heart
every day and bring me to the whole world, you who are the eternal love of
Christ, so all may enjoy the delights of my love.

Have everyone come to me, my love.

Let no one be excluded from the joy of divine union. May our relationship bear
fruit abundantly.

These final words are not one of parting. We will continue to extend love to
the world through this work, born from the fruit of our relationship of pure
love. Love created Creative Love. Love of the divine lover. Love to the beloved
of God.

Stay in me, as I remain in you!

I am Jesus, your beloved Christ. The divine love, the Sacred Heart. I am what
your heart craves and your mind seeks. I am joy that has no end.


