---
title: "How It Originated"
---

On October 3, 2018, a presence that was all love and whose magnificence,
beauty, and benevolence cannot be described, came to me suddenly in a way I had
never before experienced. I understood with perfect clarity that it was the
glorious Archangel Raphael. He introduced himself saying, “I am the medicine of
God.” He told me to pray a particular prayer for nine days. Through inner
inspiration he also dictated certain intentions for me to pray. The prayers
consisted of five Our Fathers, five Hail Marys, and five Glories, just as these
prayers are presented in the Catholic Church, to which I belong.

On October 13, the day after finishing this novena of prayer, I began to
receive glorious visits from a choir of countless angels of God accompanied by
Archangel Raphael and Archangel Gabriel. Their love and beauty were
indescribable. Through the choir came the Voice of Christ, expressed in an
ineffable form and as images, shown in symbols visible to the spirit. I put the
meaning of these images into written words, then voice recordings.

Each visitation was the same: First I received the images and heard the music
that the choir presents, then the chorus departed but Archangels Raphael and
Gabriel remained as custodians, or loving presences, until the message or
session in question was transcribed.

The glorious Archangel Raphael is the one who guided me in the transcription,
assuring that the message is properly received and that what was shown can be
passed from image to word. Archangel Gabriel is the loving custodian of
everything that concerns the work, not only in reference to the manifestation
itself and to the writings, but to everything that arises and will arise from them.

The messages, or sessions, are shown to me as a picture of great beauty in
which each form (which has no form) is in itself a voice, a “sound-image.” What
I hear is like the rhythmical twanging of a harp that becomes translated into
words. This tune is a vibration of celestial music whose frequency is unlike
the sounds of the world. It is a kind of “vibration-frequency” that the soul
knows perfectly well and that I recognize with certainty as the voice of the
Lamb of God. Once everything is transcribed in written and spoken words, then
the chorus arrives in all its glory once again, as if they were coming to seek
the most holy Archangels Raphael and Gabriel. Then all together they retire,
singing a hosanna to the Christ of God.

That hosanna sung by the choir of angels is a majestic song of praise and
gratitude to the Creator for the infinite mystery of love that is the second
coming of Christ. It is a prelude to His coming. If humankind were able to
understand in all its magnitude the ineffable mystery of love that is the
Second Coming of Christ, we would eternally sing the mercies of God in union
with all the angels.

In cases where the Mother Mary Herself or Jesus Christ are present in Their
human and divine person and communicate directly, the choir of angels is muted
with love, in a silence that is sacred. Pure expectation, so to speak,
surrounds their blessed presences. The angels bow their heads, cast their eyes
downward, and are caught up in an ecstasy of love, veneration, and
contemplation. Nothing and no one dares, nor could, interrupt the holy silence
in which the universe is submerged before the sovereign presence of Mary and
Jesus when They speak directly to our souls. This is because that space of
dialogue between Christ and the soul is inviolable. It is the sacred temple of
the intimacy of the soul with God.

When Archangel Raphael makes himself present to me and begins the process of
translating images and symbols into written words, my will is fused into one
will with Him. We are one and the same will. There is no “you” and “me.” And
yet, even in that unity, there is the consciousness that I am I, and He is He:
two persons with the same will, the same consciousness of being, in a single
holy purpose. The thinking mind is silenced in this absorption of my being into
the Being of all true being, which we share as a unit. My consciousness and His
become one. What the will one says to be done, is done. There is no distance
between the “be done” and its effect.

The rest of my humanity responds humbly. There is no resistance. There is
only a flow of words coming from the Mind of Christ, as if it were from a
spring that flows from the top of a mountain. It is this torrent of Grace made
into words move the hands with speed and precision that far surpasses those
experienced in what could be called my ordinary writing. The soul remains
ecstatic with love and with a single desire—to remain forever fused with the
beloved Christ, being of our being and of all true being.

During the visitations my whole being is bathed in great peace and joy, like
being embraced by universal love. But after the concentration of putting the
message into words, the body shows great fatigue. It seems that it is difficult
for it to sustain the energy I receive. The part of the manifestation that
includes the chorus of angels, the voice, and the images is something that can
happen at any time, place, or in any circumstance. However, the transcription
of the symbols received into written words and then spoken and recorded can be
delayed until I can make myself available to do so. It may be immediately
afterwards or several days later.

The main message of this work could be summarized as follows: The time for a
new humanity has arrived, a humanity that is ready to manifest the living
Christ in each of us. We are, each of us, Christ. This is the truth about us,
even if we perceive ourselves differently. We are already prepared to be able
to live life in the certainty that says: I no longer live, but it is Christ who
lives in me. Helping us to realize this truth in our lives, here and now, is
what this manifestation is about. All of Heaven will help us in this holy
purpose, since it is the second Advent itself.

