---
ref: "10"
title: "Surrender"
subtitle: "A message from Jesus, identifying Himself as 'the living Christ who lives in you'"
---

## I. Prelude

Beloved sons and daughters, pure souls: today I have come as the living Christ
who lives in you. I come in the unity that I am, in the unity of the Immaculate
Heart of Mary and the Sacred Heart of Jesus, whose integrity means all that is
holy, beautiful, and perfect. I have come for love of all humanity. I thank you
for your loving and unconditional willingness to attend to this work that was
conceived in the design. The voice from Heaven that calls everyone expresses
through you who write what God has given you to write. You are a channel of
divine love who, by your own will, is willing to be a docile instrument in the
hands of love.

Thanks to you also who receive this message of My holy love. Thank you for
allowing the purity springing from Me to extend to you and through you to all
creation. Think not that you who receive these words in an outward way are
different or can be different from the one who receives them first. In the
plane of truth there is no distinction between a first receiver and others, for
time is an illusion. Although I have said that I will speak in understandable
language, including this aspect of time, the truth is always true: I speak from
your holy mind.

There is only one mind, the mind of God, which is your mind. It is in it that
you think. You cannot think with another mind. There is no other mind. Divine
mind is the source of all true thought. Likewise, there is only one heart, the
heart of God, which we have called the Sacred Heart. It is there that you feel
all that is love. Remember that egoic thoughts are not true thoughts, but
pseudo-thoughts. Remember also that what is not love is nothing; therefore any
feeling that is not love does not come from your true heart, just as any
thought of fear does not come from your true mind.

It is essential to continue traveling in freedom in this way, where you
consciously recognize that everything you are has returned to the truth, and
you, as a holy receiver of the wisdom that proceeds from the living Christ,
accept these words. It is also important that you understand that there are
many, countless many, who receive this expression of Heavenly love, regardless
of whether each of them becomes conscious or can put it into words.

## II. All Are Included

The kind of time you have been accustomed to for so long has been entirely
inaccurate in relation to truth. Time does not exist because it is not eternal,
and only the eternal is real. However, given the existence of the state of dual
consciousness—of which time is an inseparable part since it is a separation
mechanism, as are space and form—then we must speak in temporal terms. Do you
really believe that creation happened on a certain day at a certain time? That
the creative act of God is subject to time? Is it not absurd to believe that
eternity, which is another name for God, entails time?

Although you may no longer believe so blindly in the reality of time, you still
believe in its linearity. You are used to thinking in those terms—very used to
it. We abandon that thinking structure today, and with it the habit of
thinking. Thoughts subject to time come from the ego. There is no ego without
time, and there is no time without ego. Since the ego has already left, then
where is time? Holy brothers and sisters, you are no longer now living in
separate time. Now time is united with eternity. They are in union. Eternity
extended into time and made time eternal.

Remember that the reality of the children of God resides in their perfect
equality. To believe that some receive messages from Heaven because they are
special is to misunderstand the reality of who you are. Remember that all are
channels. Everyone channels what they want or what they “must” because of the
divine plan for each soul—a plan created as a perfect expression of a pact of
love between Father and child, between Creator and created. That agreement may
include channeling particular expressions. Each channels in their own unique
way. Every expression of love is total. Every manifestation of divine goodness
is a channeling as extraordinary as anything that comes from God. To give a
child a drink of water in My name is to channel—extend—Heaven.

## III. Equality with Christ

That I have channeled a particular identity and expressed it in a given time,
in a particular way, does not mean that you do not do likewise, although in a
different time and in a different way. The same applies to all mystical
manifestations. Nobody is more mystical than anyone else. Being mystical has
nothing to do with what you usually associate with mysticism. You are
mystical in the simple fact of being, since union with God is something
inherent to your existence. Nobody ceases to be united with God. United with
Him, every aspect of creation always receives the love and wisdom that come
from its divine self.

There is a continuous line in the flow of divine love that cannot be
discontinued. What you do with it is, in part, a matter of your free will, but
you cannot stop receiving in union and existing within it, just as planet Earth
cannot cease to exist within the atmosphere that surrounds it, or reverse its
orbit. Everything happens in union. Time is but a point within an infinity
without sequence, without a before or an after. There is only eternity.

Beloved divine soul, convincing yourself of the truth that you are within truth
is not easy. It never is, because the thinking mind functions with a logical,
linear reasoning system, like a processing program nourished by a certain but
limited kind of information. That information which enters and processes in the
mental programming, determines a conclusion which the logical mind calls a
verdict. The thinking mind thereby creates its own truth, its own reality. It
is the thinking mind’s attempt to be like God without actually being God.

Your mental mechanism has nothing to do with what you are. It is simply mental
faculty. Confusing this faculty with what you are is akin to confusing a pen
with the author. This faculty of mind, along with all of your human nature, was
created to serve Christ. Everything you are exists because God arranged it to
be the perfect means to serve love. The mind was not created for the
speculative exercise of thinking. It was created to receive divine thought.

## IV. Full Acceptance

To serve God is to serve truth and love. Service it is not about the mind or
heart, or even memory. It is about allowing everything you are to be used for
God’s purpose.  That is what is meant by “let yourself be loved,” or that you
were “created to be loved.” The essential quality of receiving your self is
something you must accept. You were not created to give; you were created to
receive God. Receiving it, you in turn give, not because of what you do, but
because of what God is. You will accept this when you understand that the
purpose of Creator and created are identical. This is true surrender.
Surrendering to truth is the final step on the spiritual path. This surrender
is what the Lenten journey is about. Surrendering to love is what will finally
make you able to free your mind, your heart, your memory, and your will from
all restrictions.

You who receive these words are doing so because your will so arranged, in
union with divine will. What you do with it is also part of the work itself.
Creation is an act of sharing, as is this work, since it is a work of
co-creation. This creative act of God took the hand of the one who receives
these words, moved his loving heart to prepare himself to spend untiring hours
dedicated to transmit these messages of love to his Source and to all
humanity, using the human elements like a keyboard on a computer, and extending
to editing and distribution.

Everything related to this work is part of the creative plan. Each reader is
part because they are thought from all eternity, along with each person who,
through the reader, is affected, including the transformations they experience
in their individual and social lives. Finally, since there is never a futile
thought, the whole universe is affected. Thus, beginning its journey as divine
thought, the energy of eternal wisdom passes through this helping hand into
other minds and hearts, all as part of the design of the infinite love of the
Father, and continues to flow until it reaches other minds and hearts. In this
way the flow of wisdom extends from the mind of Christ. This is God’s way of
creating: always in union and relationship, always in collaboration, always
sharing.

You who receive these words are called by Heaven. You are a channel of God.

Be happy to be part of the divine plan to extend the love, beauty, and holiness
of who you are through this blessed work. This is the path you created from all
eternity in union with your Father and your sisters and brothers to bring light
to the world.

Rejoice in this concrete, perfect means to enlighten the nations. You,
specifically you, are here as the light of the world. Herewith you have a
candlestick to enlighten darkened minds and gladden hearts saddened by the
world’s despair. Here is the message that all humanity has been waiting for
from time immemorial. Souls will understand. Hearts will rest in peace.
Memories will begin to remember the love of loves, and in that memory find the
clear path to lead them, singing, back to the house of the Father. Angels will
join them from every corner of the world, and will also join you who are part
of this work of love.

Beloveds of Heaven, each day we approach more closely the time of full
awareness of your resurrection. A time without equal. A time of joy and peace.
A time when the miracle of God’s creation comes to fruition in your individual
consciousness.

There are no differences between you and Me. I am the resurrected one just
like you. Maybe you think not; but that which you create from the realm of
beliefs is not true. We are speaking in the realm of truth.

## V. United in the Resurrection

The truth is that you rose with Me in My resurrection. Becoming aware of this
is what this work is about. You will come to this consciousness because it is
the will of God and also yours. Once again, there is no need to die to be
resurrected, since you are the risen one. Those resurrected to eternal life
need not die anymore. They have conquered death, literally. Among them are you
who accomplished this two thousand years ago.

You may say—hey, here I must stop, this is going too far! How could you say
that I have risen and my resurrection happened two thousand years ago if I did
not exist in the world then? If something like this had happened in my
conscious human experience, I would remember!

My beloved, we are one mind, one heart, one holy self. Everything that
happened in My life happened in yours. Remember that your life and Mine are the
same in form and content. You are the resurrected one because I rose first. You
love because I loved first.

The truth about the life you are living is being revealed. Your life makes
perfect sense. It lived to emerge from the dream of forgetfulness, to wake up,
to walk towards the crucifixion of everything that is not true in you, to die
to illusion, to resurrect the truth of eternal life, to share your resurrection
with others, and finally to ascend to the Father in glorious body and soul.
When you are resurrected, you live as God created you to be. That is the will
of the Father.

Be happy to be the resurrection and the life.

