---
ref: "16"
title: "Unconditional Acceptance"
subtitle: "A message from the Voice of Christ through a Chorus of Angels in the presence of Archangel Raphael and Archangel Gabriel"
---

## I. Fear As an Answer

Beings of the light that never goes out!  We have come in the glory of God out
of love for humanity. We have come to tell you not to force your soul, but to
let her walk the path she knows. The soul develops by itself. You are often
disturbed by unimportant things. Your peace transforms into a whirlwind of
disturbed emotion which tire you, confuse you, and sadden you.

Emotion must be honored. Likewise, they must be understood for what they are,
bodily thoughts. Denying them is neither wise nor necessary. We have come to
tell you to love everything you are, including your emotion. Thus when you join
them, you can transcend them. Remember that attachment to emotion is a thought
pattern that has taught you to respond emotionally to your perceptions.

You do not understand emotions. You confuse them with true feelings and think
they are real. This misunderstanding scares you. You do not know where emotions
come from nor where they would take you. Since you believe that they have often
led you where you did not want to go, you think you must attack or constrain
them. Emotional repression is the inevitable result of this judgment.

You respond to emotions with fear because you do not love them. Fear is not an
emotion in itself, although it is interwoven with them. Fear is a lack of love.
Therefore the fearful emotions that you experience are those you have decided
not to love. Since not to love is to choose separation, you separate yourself
from what you are experiencing. You do not want it to be part of who you are.

The mechanism of attack on emotions is part of the mechanism of attack
generally. When you were identified with the ego, you attacked your body, your
mind, your heart, and your soul because you simply did not love yourself. If
you do not know who you truly are, you cannot love yourself, because you cannot
love what you do not understand, and you cannot understand what you do not
know. Remember that we have already said that the ego is ignorance. Where
wisdom is absent, love can never be present. When ignorance is banished, it
gives way to the wisdom of Heaven, which resides in your holy mind as truth and
in your pure heart as love.

What is not understood cannot be loved. Therefore, if you do not understand
your emotions, you will respond to them with fear. This is the case not only
regarding your emotional self, but generally. Remember that fear is hatred—a
lack of love.

## II. Emotions: Energy Separate from Self

Although fear is usually associated with the emotional body, it is important to
recognize that this is an effect of thought. That is, fear is a non-loving
thought manifested through the emotional body, a thought of separation from
your own self. Separation is manifested in anything that you believe is not
you, anything you are not willing to accept lovingly. Simply put, emotions are
to the heart what ego thoughts are to the mind. Just as the egoic mind is an
imitation of the mind of Christ, the fearful heart is an egoic imitation of
your true, loving heart that connects you eternally to God.

The first thing to realize about emotions is that none of them are true. They
are not good or bad; they are simply false thoughts reflected in the body. The
wisdom of the heart will always reveal the truth of your self. With it you will
discern perfectly between the heavy and discordant energy of emotion and the
love that resides only in the heart. Emotion does not come from the center of
your self but from that unreal egoic identity with which you previously
identified.

Trying to understand or control emotions by giving them names is like trying to
catch the wind with your hands. If you live from emotions and identify with
them as if they were part of your true self, you will feel tossed about. In a
single day you may unexpectedly experience several emotional states. You will
also find them surprisingly unstable. None of them is true. However, since you
have for so long believed they are true, what we now do is bring them to light
and recognize the identification that exists. The belief that you are a body
brought with it an attachment that included an attachment to emotion. It is
all part of the old thinking pattern. None of that remains.

During the forty days that we walk together with Jesus and Mary towards an
awareness of our resurrection, the madness of emotion becomes evident. Emotion
was evident in the experience of Jesus prior to the crucifixion and during
it. This was necessary to bring emotions to the holiness that Christ is, and
return them to the true self from which their energy comes. Since emotion is
energy separated from the self, they can be reintegrated if you join them and
allow them to be part of what they really are in their origin—part of love.

Unconditional acceptance is the only way to unite all that you are within your
true self, because love is unconditional. Unconditional acceptance is a term
that indicates that you accept what is, as it is, without trying to interpret
anything. Emotion arises as an inescapable response to the desire to interpret.
We could truthfully say that emotion is an interpretation of reality made into
pseudo-feeling.

## III. Emotion and Interpretation

If you give up your interpretations, your attachment to emotion will be
deactivated. Remember that emotion is not good or bad, destructive or
constructive. It are simply false. It are not part of your true self. You are
life, and true life has no emotion or anything resembling emotion. We return to
this issue once again because it is necessary to accept the fact of your
attachment to the body, which includes attachment to emotion, in order to
embrace that identification and to release it.

Begin to see yourself as a being without a physical body. Or begin to see your
brothers and sisters beyond the body. If it serves, you can visualize the body
with a heart of light, or with a blue and white luminosity that extends beyond
the body and envelops it. Center your physical and spiritual vision in a point
beyond the body—either in the luminosity that surrounds it or in the heart of
light—and say to yourself:

> I behold Christ. I am holy.

Then, always with your thoughts placed beyond the body, ask yourself:

> How would God look at this holy person in front of me? \
> How would God think of His child? \
> How would love contemplate this being? \

These three questions are really the same, so you need not put effort in
thinking about all three, but choose the one most suitable for you. Keep in
mind that this exercise is for your pure enjoyment and to become aware of your
resurrection.

Once you have focused your inner gaze on the body and asked the question, let
the answer be given. Once again, stay at a distance from the body. Look beyond
it. Do not “do” anything. Just be still; look beyond the visible and wait. You
will see how memories of your holiness, of the being that you are, will come to
you. This knowledge will develop in you more and more the feeling of gratitude
for your brothers and sisters and for everything created. You will feel pure.
You will feel like a parent contemplating their beloved child. You will
perceive your brothers and sisters as children who play the game of life in
their own way, many of them without realizing their oneness with God. As you
keep some distance from the physical body you will become more aware of your
union with all that is real. You will experience the love of God. Those who are
ready will see in your eyes the look of love; it will be Christ.

