---
ref: "8"
title: "The Prayer of Truth"
subtitle: "A message from Jesus, identifying Himself as 'the living Christ who lives in you', in the presence of the Most Holy Virgin Mary"
---

## I. Prelude

Beloved children from all corners of the universe, holy creatures of God! These
messages are for everyone, as well as heart to heart to every one. One is all,
because there is no separation. Everything lives in the unity of self. Creation
is the living expression of the self of pure love that God is, and is therefore
in inseparable union. Every act of love concerns everything that exists,
moves, and is.

Believe me when I tell you that with every movement of your mind and heart,
that is, of what you really are, you impact everything. Nothing in you is
without effect; nothing in you is futile. You are eternal creators of your own
experience.

In the union of our hearts lies the fullness of self. We are Jesus and Mary. We
are one. We have come together again to show you and the whole world our holy
love through these writings of Heaven. We are the union of the Sacred Heart
of Jesus and the Immaculate Heart of Mary, always one, always united to you,
always triune.

We come to invite you to live in prayer. Prayer, as has been said, is the life
of the soul. As your Mother and Father, who We are because We are all that you
are, we convey the importance of you beginning to recognize that in your self
are all the elements that make up our true reality. Everything that is part of
God is part of Me and your Heavenly Mother who is here by your side as eternal
lover of Her blessed child. We are your Father and your Mother. We repeat this
again and again to engrave it on your mind and heart. We are here together for
love. Feel the embrace of Our divine self. We are the strength and the
sweetness of love. We are the wisdom and the simplicity of truth. We are as
human and as divine as you.

## II. Jesus and Mary

Beloved of Our holy hearts, throughout the history of humanity I have
manifested as a self separated into two realities, that of Jesus and Mary. Out
of those manifestations arose all kinds of loving devotions and holy
inspirations which enlightened the world and made it more benevolent. Now a new
time has arrived in spirituality, a new consciousness. It is a time of unity.
Therefore I will no longer manifest as a separate self but as the unity that I
am. Wherever Mary is, there is Jesus, and wherever Jesus is, there is Mary. You
can no longer separate the reality of My divine essence into two figures.
Although certainly through the eye of the body I manifested as both figures
separately, in actuality there was never a moment in which Jesus and Mary, My
human figures, were not united both in time and in spirit.

This work is a portal to a new dimension of consciousness. We can call it a
new spirituality, a spirituality where the feminine and masculine do not
separate but unite. First is a re-evaluation of the feminine aspect of
creation. Then we will go beyond duality. You are now living in the time of the
feminine. This means that feminine consciousness rises up to be equal to
masculine consciousness. Both aspects of the soul are and always were a united
reality. You are all women and you are all men in the true sense of being. To
integrate both realities or aspects of self is to be able to move beyond them.

This new awareness of the unity of masculine and feminine not only manifests
itself in human aspects and in social organizations, but also in the
worldview of humanity. The barriers that separated masculine and feminine have
already vanished at a deep level, and its manifestation will be reflected more
and more in humanity. This is part of the ascension of human consciousness.
Aligned with this movement of universal consciousness is the manifestation of
Heaven. Humanity has reached such a point of elevation that it is ready to
accept the unity of creation. Thus it allows Us to manifest Ourselves as the
unity that We are.

If We continue presenting Ourselves as Our different human figures, even though
with a clear unity of heart, it is so that you can understand that Our union
does not eliminate the self but it fulfills it. Being a “we” does not prevent
being an “I” or a “you.”

## III. Truth and Fullness

Holy brothers and sisters, God is your Father and your Mother. God is your
Source. If the conscience of Christ manifests itself within human reality,
respecting the laws of humans and taking them to the heights of holiness, it is
because there is no humanity that cannot be fulfilled in perfect love. To
despise your humanity is an act of cruelty—so far from love that you could not
believe such nonsense. Not a fiber in your body is not holy; no aspect of your
personality is not holy; nothing in you is imperfect.

I loved My humanity and I still love it. The human nature that the Father gave
Me is eternal. I am fully man and fully God, always—likewise with Mary,
Heavenly Mother of all men and women of all times. Bringing human nature to its
fullness in love is what has been the purpose of Our incarnation, just like
yours. There are no differences between you and Us. That I made the ascension
first, and reached the fullness that is also yours, does not mean that we are
different. After Me came Mary, and after Jer comes everyone. Do we have to
treat ourselves as different beings, for the simple and irrelevant fact that we
are all on the same train, traveling to the same destination, with the only
difference being that some are in the first car and others in the back? What
difference can there be in truth if one enters the abode of Heaven before you?

You do not know how much joy it gives Us to start seeing each other in Our
equality. Just as there are no essential differences between Mary and Jesus,
since both divine expressions come from the same undivided reality, there can
be no differences with you. You are as much Jesus as I am, and as much Mary as
I am, with the exception that you are you and We are Us. As three, united in a
love that has no beginning or end, we express love in our own way, according to
the nature of our self as God created us. There are things you can do that I
can never do, nor Mary. Those are what make you unique, just as I did things
you cannot because they are part of My uniqueness. There are things that Mary
can do that no one else can do because She is unique, as is every child of God.

We are not here to criticize, nor prove how wrong humanity is, nor how sinful
it has been, nor to soak human faces with tears of guilt. Rather We are here
because We love you, and We want to be with those who welcome Us into their
hearts. Remember that wherever you go, there will We be. You are Our hearts
delight. You are the sleeplessness of love. In union with Us, you are as God
created you.

## IV. Humanity and Sanctity

Any spirituality that does not imbue your humanity and integrate it into total
awareness of the unity that exists between the concrete and the abstract,
between the idea and its expression, cannot proceed from perfect love because
it would be a path of dissociation—likewise with any other expression based on
living disconnected from the spiritual reality of your self. Both would
perpetuate separation. True spirituality is based on love. Love unites within
itself all that is.

We cannot fail to emphasize the sanctity of your human nature, which has been
given by God. What you do with what God has given is a matter of free will, but
your nature is not. You cannot stop being who you are, although you can live in
a way contrary to it in your mind and heart. Thus you can never lose your
holiness, because your Source goes wherever you go. You cannot lose your peace
of mind because God goes with you wherever you go.

During these forty days in which we walk steadily towards our particular
experience of resurrection, we grow in the awareness of the unity that we are
in love. We feel more and more the loving presence that accompanies us morning,
noon, and night, every day of our lives, wherever we go. This is the essence of
Lent: the realization, in form, of the truth that you and love are one and the same.

## V. The Christ That You Are

My love, can you begin to glimpse the fact that you are also the incarnation of
Christ, just as one day I was? If, like God, I left my whole divine essence in
a bit of bread, so that My body is your body and My soul is your soul, how
could I not leave it in all that you are? Are you worth less than a crumb of
bread? When I approached the resurrection with the certainty that before Me was
the cross, I wanted to stay forever with My beloved brothers and sisters,
including you. I thought of you with every step I took on Earth with My human
feet. I saw you from all time. I watched you when I was in the manger. I
contemplated you when I was alone in the desert preparing for My public
ministry. I loved you, and I enjoyed the vision I was given to see you when I
walked the roads of the world, and also when I was going to Calvary, and in My
resurrection.

I saw you always, since I see everything. Remember that I am not subject to
time. I have seen your own path of Christ incarnation. I have seen the new
Christ who was born and lived in you. Eternal friend of My soul! You are
traveling the same path as your beloved Jesus Christ. I am no longer your
teacher, nor is your Mother. Now We show the way on the path on which you
travel. Allow yourself to understand—to become aware of— the purpose of your
existence on Earth. You have not entered the physical plane after My
incarnation by chance. It is part of God’s plan.

I traveled the path of the living Christ because that is what I am. It is
exactly the same path you travel. Yours may not include portentous miracles.
You may not be famous. You may not transform water into wine for humanity to
begin to see a power not of this world. You may not heal the sick, externally
speaking. None of that matters. None of that is essential. Did your Mother walk
on water? My path required a series of elements including visible miracles and
a visible resurrection. That does not mean it is better or higher. If you live
in the consciousness of Christ and sustain it, you are exactly as I am, even in
form. We make this clarification so that you do not forget that even if you are
not aware of your divinity, you still remain as what God created. We speak of
the elevation of consciousness which allows you to reach and sustain the
knowledge of your true identity as a Christ self. That I reached that state by
one means and you by another means is a question of form.

Soul in love, you are being reminded of who you are. You are being clearly told
that you are a new Jesus Christ, a new Mary of Nazareth. It is I, Christ, who
live in them in the same way that it is I who live in you. I am pure
consciousness.

True prayer consists of living in the truth. Every time you connect with the
truth of who you are, you are praying, for prayer is love, and love is union.
This is the prayer of the seraphim. Such prayer is above even prayers of
silence and forgiveness, although it is part of them.

To be the living Christ that lives in you means to be aware of everything that
arises within you, to embrace each beat of your heart, each movement of your
mind. It means loving everything you are. It means embracing your humanity with
the love that lives in you—and in this way embracing everything that exists in
the universe, starting with what your eyes see, then extending that embrace to
the ends of the universe, beyond planets and galaxies toward the realm of no
time. This is how you unite the eternal with the temporal. In that unity you
live eternally in the prayer of truth.

To live in the truth of what you are is to live in God and therefore to live
in love. The truth that I come to reveal, or rather to remind you of, is that
you are Me. You are Christ. Your life in physical human reality is the same one
I traveled, although I was first conscious of my unity with God. Does that
matter?

Dear children who receive these words of truth, I want to be very clear in what
is being revealed. I use words that can easily be understood. I express truth
that is always true in human words. Listen with attention and with openness of
mind and heart. My word is not poetry, beautiful words that cheer the heart for
a while and then leave you in the desert of illusion. No, My word is the
essence of truth. I am the word of eternal life. My word is like the wind: you
know not from whence it comes nor where it goes, but it blows, it always blows.
My word is the wind that blows. It is the wind of love, the breath of living
love. My word is true.

