---
title: "How It Originated"
---

On October 3, 2018, a presence that was all love and whose magnificence,
beauty, and benevolence cannot be described, came to me suddenly in a way I had
never before experienced. I understood with perfect clarity that it was the
glorious Archangel Raphael. He introduced himself saying, “I am the medicine of
God.” He told me to pray a particular prayer for nine days. Through inner
inspiration he also dictated certain intentions for me to pray. The prayers
consisted of five Our Fathers, five Hail Marys, and five Glories, just as these
prayers are presented in the Catholic Church, to which I belong.

On October 13, the day after finishing this novena of prayer, I began to
receive glorious visits from a choir of countless angels of God accompanied by
Archangel Raphael and Archangel Gabriel. Their love and beauty were
indescribable. Through the choir came the Voice of Christ, expressed in an
ineffable form and as images, shown in symbols visible to the spirit. I put the
meaning of these images into written words, then voice recordings.

Each visitation was the same: First I received the images and heard the music
that the choir presents, then the chorus departed but Archangels Raphael and
Gabriel remained as custodians, or loving presences, until the message or
session in question was transcribed.

The glorious Archangel Raphael is the one who guided me in the transcription,
assuring that the message is properly received and that what was shown can be
passed from image to word. Archangel Gabriel is the loving custodian of
everything that concerns the work, not only in reference to the manifestation
itself and to the writings, but to everything that arises and will arise from them.

The messages, or sessions, are shown to me as a picture of great beauty in
which each form (which has no form) is in itself a voice, a “sound-image.” What
I hear is like the rhythmical twanging of a harp that becomes translated into
words. This tune is a vibration of celestial music whose frequency is unlike
the sounds of the world. It is a kind of “vibration-frequency” that the soul
knows perfectly well and that I recognize with certainty as the voice of the
Lamb of God. Once everything is transcribed in written and spoken words, then
the chorus arrives in all its glory once again, as if they were coming to seek
the most holy Archangels Raphael and Gabriel. Then all together they retire,
singing a hosanna to the Christ of God.

That hosanna sung by the choir of angels is a majestic song of praise and
gratitude to the Creator for the infinite mystery of love that is the second
coming of Christ. It is a prelude to His coming. If humankind were able to
understand in all its magnitude the ineffable mystery of love that is the
Second Coming of Christ, we would eternally sing the mercies of God in union
with all the angels.

In cases where the Mother Mary Herself or Jesus Christ are present in Their
human and divine person and communicate directly, the choir of angels is muted
with love, in a silence that is sacred. Pure expectation, so to speak,
surrounds their blessed presences. The angels bow their heads, cast their eyes
downward, and are caught up in an ecstasy of love, veneration, and
contemplation. Nothing and no one dares, nor could, interrupt the holy silence
in which the universe is submerged before the sovereign presence of Mary and
Jesus when They speak directly to our souls. This is because that space of
dialogue between Christ and the soul is inviolable. It is the sacred temple of
the intimacy of the soul with God.

When Archangel Raphael makes himself present to me and begins the process of
translating images and symbols into written words, my will is fused into one
will with Him. We are one and the same will. There is no “you” and “me.” And
yet, even in that unity, there is the consciousness that I am I, and He is He:
two persons with the same will, the same consciousness of being, in a single
holy purpose. The thinking mind is silenced in this absorption of my being into
the Being of all true being, which we share as a unit. My consciousness and His
become one. What the will one says to be done, is done. There is no distance
between the “be done” and its effect.

The rest of my humanity responds humbly. There is no resistance. There is
only a flow of words coming from the Mind of Christ, as if it were from a
spring that flows from the top of a mountain. It is this torrent of Grace made
into words move the hands with speed and precision that far surpasses those
experienced in what could be called my ordinary writing. The soul remains
ecstatic with love and with a single desire—to remain forever fused with the
beloved Christ, being of our being and of all true being.

During the visitations my whole being is bathed in great peace and joy, like
being embraced by universal love. But after the concentration of putting the
message into words, the body shows great fatigue. It seems that it is difficult
for it to sustain the energy I receive. The part of the manifestation that
includes the chorus of angels, the voice, and the images is something that can
happen at any time, place, or in any circumstance. However, the transcription
of the symbols received into written words and then spoken and recorded can be
delayed until I can make myself available to do so. It may be immediately
afterwards or several days later.

The main message of this work could be summarized as follows: The time for a
new humanity has arrived, a humanity that is ready to manifest the living
Christ in each of us. We are, each of us, Christ. This is the truth about us,
even if we perceive ourselves differently. We are already prepared to be able
to live life in the certainty that says: I no longer live, but it is Christ who
lives in me. Helping us to realize this truth in our lives, here and now, is
what this manifestation is about. All of Heaven will help us in this holy
purpose, since it is the second Advent itself.

## A Description of the Manifestations

When the Archangels come, they come without wings. They are like humans wearing
tunics. Raphael’s tunic is green, edged with gold. Gabriel ́s tunic is pink,
almost white, edged with yellow. Both tunics are majestic, appearing as if made
of a very precious silk.

Their faces are cheerful and radiant, with very light yellowish skin. Both have
shoulder-length, golden blond hair and their eyes are green. They each have
unique facial features. Their bodies are radiant with serene glowing light that
generates peace and a great sense of beauty and harmony.

Many of the angels in the Chorus of Angels have light pink and light blue
tunics. Others have light gold, but all are in pastel colors, again with a
serene luminosity. A few have green robes as if they were emeralds but a little
lighter.

The permanent happiness that angels exhibit is remarkable. Everything is joy
with them. One day they told me that they radiate perpetual happiness because
they always share happiness.

The angels are always surrounded by white and majestic light, as if they live
in an eternal midday of love and light. They are accompanied by music, as
though a celestial choir is singing in all corners of the universe, like the
sound of millions of harps playing in unison, forming a harmonious symphony of
great beauty.

The angelic vibrations are of such a degree that they calm the mind and the
heart, and give peace. One knows, without knowing how, that this vibration is
simultaneously prayer and praise. Each part of the universe (creation) sings a
song of gratitude for it having been called into existence, as though it has
music inside that is a prayer to the Creator. The soul had stopped hearing this
celestial music but will begin to hear it again when it returns to the Father’s
house. Though forgotten, this song is forever loved by souls that love the
Father and Creator.

The ineffable, inexpressible beauty of these visions of angels and archangels,
submerges the soul in an ecstasy of love and rapture in which one’s whole being
participates. No joy or happiness on Earth compares with the ecstasy that a
vision of the greatness, magnanimity, and beauty of the angels and archangels
generates.

Angelic intelligence is of such a degree that it surpasses all worldly
understanding. Their thoughts occur at an indescribable speed, even faster
than human thought. Without distortion of any kind, their thoughts are pure
without contradiction, with perfect clarity and express only holiness. As
lightning crosses the firmament, so too do angelic thoughts pass through my
mind.

I clearly perceive the difference between human thought and thought from the
Wisdom of Heaven, due to the way I experience them. Thoughts from Heaven feel
like light and breath; they are full of certainty, can never be forgotten, and
bring a great “amount” of truth in the blink of an eye. In an instant I
understand the full meaning of each manifestation that comes to me.

Humility, prudence, and simplicity are central features of the angels. Their
greatest joy is to serve God by being servants of all creation. They love human
beings, animals, plants, stones, the elements, and every material and
immaterial aspect of creation with a love and tenderness that, when
experienced, is capable of melting even the hardest heart.

While the beauty and magnanimity of angelic visions are indescribable, they are
a pale flash compared to the magnificence of those of Jesus and Mary. Nothing
in the universe resembles the eternal, unnameable beauty of the hearts of
Jesus and Mary. They are God Himself made man and woman. They are the joy of
the angels and have the veneration of creation. From Them springs all harmony,
greatness, and holiness.

The looks of Jesus and Mary, radiating such tenderness and love, melt the
entire universe. Their smiles are purity itself. In Their presence the soul is
entranced in an ecstasy of veneration and contemplation, leaving it
speechless. The soul exhales a moan of joy that says something like Ah! For me
personally, contemplating the looks and smiles of Jesus and Mary is Heaven.

I hope you can understand what I’m trying to say as I try to describe the
indescribable. I only say what I see, hear, and experience. Heaven exists,
God exists, and God is love. This is what was given to me to see, hear, and
understand.

I hope with all my heart that those who receive this manifestation let
themselves be the beloved of God, more and more every day; and in this way be
transformed by the beauty of a love that has no beginning or end.

With love in Christ,

Sebastian Blaksley, \
A Soul in Love \
Buenos Aires, Argentina \
January, 2019

