---
ref: "21"
title: "Love's Creations"
subtitle: "A message from the Blessed Mother Mary"
---

## I. The Function of Creating

Child of divine intelligence, created in supreme consciousness, power of
creation made spark of love! As trees are rooted to the Earth to obtain that
which sustains them, so is your being rooted in the lands of holiness, where
love is the food that gives you eternal sustenance. You will grow, grow, and
continue to grow with the majesty of the Tree of Life. Great will be your
fruits.

In your being there is an unimaginable potential for the lower mind; but the
mind of Christ in you can see with perfect clarity because in it resides reason
and love. One day you, united with my divine son Jesus and with me, in union
with an uncountable multitude of beings that chose for love, decided to bring
into reality a creation that it has no opposite: the reality of the redeemed of
the Lamb. This creation is what we will speak of now, since it is already here.

You have the power to create worlds of infinite worlds, as has been lovingly
explained in this work. This truth caused a little fear at the beginning for
those who did not yet understand that taking responsibility for their creations
does not mean placing a burden on their tired shoulders but quite the opposite.

Once upon a time, a crazy idea crossed the beautiful firmament of the mind of
the child of God. It was an idea so fleeting that it cannot even be remembered.
Nevertheless, the idea of making it real was born. The world of illusions was
created, and with it the ability to sleep and dream instead of staying awake
forever, and thereby harbor dreams of a reality opposed to truth. Was that not
a magnificent creation? Is it not worthy of respect?

Dreams are creations of the mind that dreams them. The ability to dream is not
something proper to God but is proper to humankind, and something that deserves
to be honored to some extent.

What I am saying is that your creative capacity is part of who you are as an
individual and humanity, and should not be underestimated. You have literally
created the world in which you live—not the Earth, but your world. You have
created an individual body and mind, a separate being capable of being
selfish, at least for a time. While that is something that the mind of Christ
is not interested in creating and in fact cannot be created within the Kingdom
of Heaven, it is something you have done, and is the state in which you live.

You have brought about the amnesia of God even though the eternal memory of
love is what God created for you, not as a state but as what you are.

Now that I am clearly delineating your mission, I come to the point where I
return to the source of who you are. You are a creator, even if that ability
created distortion and transformed it into a skill.

Remember, creating and doing are not the same. The created cannot be uncreated,
but the done can be undone. While the idea of separation made a world without
love, together we have created the Kingdom of Heaven, the creation of which I
speak.

That which Jesus created, in perfect harmony with divine reality, with the will
of the Mother, is real and exists. Jesus, being aware of the celestial power in
him and remaining perpetually in union with Christ, put his mind, heart, and
human-divine self at the service of the love that God is. From it arose his
creation. In order that it may be known by its sisters and brothers, among whom
you are, a name was given. The formless took form.

## II. The Boldness of Creation

Creation is always daring. It challenges the imagination and logic of the lower
mind, whose only goal is survival and only understands the logic of what it can
obtain.  Obviously such a mind could never create infinite universes based on
truth. But love knows nothing about survival because it is eternal life.

The mind of Christ is the creative mind of God. It is what gave rise to
everything that exists. It created souls, beings, consciousness, the capacity
to know oneself, free will, and much more. These creations remain in perfect
harmony, along with beauty, compassion, mercy, sweetness, truth, and wisdom.
Because God has no limits, these divine creations of infinite realities come
from pure love. They were created to exist within a universe in which they can
be in harmony with what they are.

Reality contains its essence. By this I mean that the reality of the Kingdom of
Heaven, coming from the will of the Mother, shelters within itself all that is
similar to itself. Just as it was necessary to create a world where fear and
illusion can reign, likewise a Kingdom was created where wisdom and beauty
can be. That Kingdom exists. It is not an idea, as is the world of illusion. I
am taking your understanding to a point of no return. Those who pass through
this door will never return to illusion. They will live forever in the reality
of truth.

The capacity of creation has created the world of fear as an option within the
unlimited options of a child of God. Recognize that if you could make Heaven a
hell, you can do whatever you want. It is important to use common sense, which
comes from true reason and dwells in the mind of Christ. It is more difficult
to create a world alien to God and make Heaven a hell than to create in harmony
with the will of the Creator. Does this not make sense?

In order to create something against the will of the Mother, which is what we
call “doing,” we must reverse a frame of reference to create a pseudo-reality
that is yet perceived as real. This distortion of reality is also a creation,
although I would not call it divine.

Speaking more precisely, “creating” hell is impossible because only God creates
and you do it with Her when you remain in unity with Her eternal will or not at
all. Nevertheless “making” hell is possible. You can make your relationships
hell, and the life you live as well, if you so choose. You can even try to make
the life of others hell, although you cannot do it in divine reality. How is it
possible to create something so alien to God? By creating with a mind separate
from Her. It first involved the capacity to imagine. As with thinking or
contemplating divine creations, the same happens with making the
pseudo-creations of the world. They are amazing. They are something worthy of
respect, although not of fear. However, you feared your creations.

More precisely, you feared your own creative power.

Since what you did was done without love, you believe that it turned against
you. That made you afraid of who you are. When you perceive all that, deep
inside you said, “If God gave me the power to create and with it I have been
able to create death, tragedy, destruction, hell, and pain, then how could I
not live in fear?”

You think that if your Father asks you, “What have you done, my child?” You
would have to say, “Look, Father, at what I have done. I have transformed my
life into hell. I created discord where before there was concord. Separation
where once was unity. Sin where once was holiness. I have deceived where the
truth should be.”

Although that is what you believe, the reality is very different. Remember,
things are not what they seem. The thought system of the lower mind, or ego,
does not understand truth or live in reality. The egoic mind works only in
fantasy.

I invite you, as loving Mother and source of divine wisdom, to consider the
following. “Beloved child, God does not waste time in dialogue about illusions,
so the dialogue that you think you might have with your Father does not exist
and is impossible. God listens to you but will not enter the ego game of
believing fantasies to be true. To a certain extent, if that dialogue existed,
it would be something like the following: ‘Let us see, my child. Where is that
which you say you have created? Let’s watch it together.’”

And, looking, you would discover there is nothing, that what you thought you
had done was but a dream, not real. And together Father and child would smile
affably and continue to dialogue about love, which is the only possible
dialogue with God.

What you once did in your dreams and caused so much anguish has been undone.
Disowning or atonement was also a creation, one in harmony with the will of
God. What you are now called to do every day and for all eternity is to
continue creating what is within the Father’s love. You need not think about
how that will be done because it has been demonstrated by Jesus. The road is
made smooth. He is your star.

You need only recognize definitively that what you did one day that caused you
fear was your creation and now you can deliberately decide, with the
challenging capacity that all creation implies, for a new creation—a creation
in perfect unity with the Kingdom of Heaven, created by Jesus in union with God
and your will to return to the Father’s house.

## III. The Creation of the Kingdom

The return to love is also a creation, a divine creation, just like
forgiveness, the ability to erase all guilt and to be reborn in eternal
innocence. In other words, the resurrection is a perfect creation that comes
from divine mercy.

If you have the ability to create the world you want, then if you want to
create a world where forgiveness is not possible and only condemnation exists
forever, you will create that reality. Obviously, you cannot have an idea like
that enter the Kingdom of God, but you can have fantasies where you make it
real for you, even if not for anyone else. Just as there are those who use
substances to numb their consciousness and divert their minds and hearts to
unrealities where they feel protected, you can also create a world of reverie
where truth is excluded.

In the dimension of being are infinite options. To think that there can be only
the states of separation or fear, and unity or love, is an untrue limitation.

What you have done can be undone. You know this very well because you have
changed your status from being a child to an adult, a child living with a
parent, to an independent person, and so on. You have experienced many changes.
It is important to recognize that you can change your decision to live in
separation, or the ego. As you know, that decision has been made and your new
creation, the world of the oneness with Christ and its perfect expression in
the plane of form, is already arising and spreading.

Who created everything you know, as well as the unknowable, also created out
of love as with everything that arises from Her being, which leads Her children
back to what love is while respecting their freedom. God, in his boldness,
challenged your human reality. The impossible for humanity became possible in
God. A kingdom of birth and death became a world transformed, transcending its
limitations. The limited joined the infinite to become one in love.

God has challenged human reality as brazenly as humans did with God. It is the
game of life. The game of beautiful love— the child challenging the Father and
the Father challenging the child in a relationship of pure creation.

The child created absurd worlds where everything that is divine can be
canceled, where everything is upside-down. That upside-down world, where what
is united is separated, where love is on the same level as fear, and where you
can dream of unrealities increasingly apart from the truth, was a whole
creation. A whole universe with abundant beings, rules, causes and effects,
extensions, histories, identities, and its own system of thought—in short, a
kingdom. Is that not a creation?

But when God saw the consequences of Her child’s idea, She created the thought
of atonement and the return to love. This created the “Kingdom of Heaven,”
conceived in the divine mind as a loving response to the fearsome reality of
separation.

So the possibility of creating Heaven in each moment and circumstance of your
life is a capacity at your disposal. This capacity need not wait to create a
different reality from the world. You can practice it here on Earth because its
origin does not reside in time but in the mind of Christ.

Divine creations include not only everything you already know as creation
through revelation in your holy mind, but also everything that allows what is
not of God to return to what is. When God extended Her “I am” to creation and
“I am not” also made an appearance, a new “I am” of Christ was created. It is
the re-creative capacity of God set in motion, a divine mercy.

Focusing on your creative capacity is essential for this work. For that reason
I extend that truth as much as necessary, so that you can now start to rejoice
in your new creations which arise from union with Christ.

The love of unity, the divine union of your separated being with God through
which you return to the truth of what you are, is the means created by the
eternal Father so that human nature separated from the divine is transformed
into what it originally was, which in essence, though not in form, was what the
child desired when creating the idea of separation. This is an important and
radical revelation, which until now has not been shown to the human mind.
Please listen carefully.

What I am saying is that behind the making of the sensory world based on the
idea of separation was a holy desire to differentiate yourself and thereby
have a self that allows you to fully be yourself. That purpose is as divine as
God. The idea of your Father always was that you can enjoy an identity in which
you know yourself as a unique and unrepeatable entity, even in relation to
Him.

God’s plan did not include the idea of separation but of unity. The Father
knows that it is within the union with Christ that you can know yourself as you
were created, as a being that exists in unity. Therefore your being need not be
separate from anything, including itself, to exist. You are who you are in the
unity of love. The idea of developing a unique sense of identity based on
separation is impossible to realize. God knows that. You did not, but now you
do, so with your knowledge you have joined your

Creator; together you have returned to the harmony of Heaven. You never wanted
to be separated from God or anything else, and in fact you never have been. You
just believed that your only two options were either to be your separate self,
or to be in union, in which case you believed you would stop being yourself.
Remember, the ego’s concept of union annuls the parties and does not give space
for a “you.” Such a union is frightening because it cancels your being.

Who would want to have a unique but peaceful identity if by joining you are
lost in that union? If when you join something you disappear as a unique being,
it will feel very similar to the death of your being, if that were possible.
Mass movements or large organizations in the world are examples, where the “I”
is lost and given up to the sum of the parties. It is even sometimes considered
an ideal for the “major” to replace the insignificant little self.

If there were only two options—fear or love, separation or divine union, heaven
or hell—there would be reason to fear. However, that is not the case.
Multi-dimensional reality offers more options than you can imagine. We need not
consider them because creation is beyond any mental exercise. The thinking mind
is not the creative source or the origin of any true creation, nor can it
understand true creation.

## IV. To Create Is Your Destiny

The source of creation is for you to use in whatever way you want, as if it
were a body member or an organ. Your creative capacity, the source of creation,
is love. It cannot be defined in any other way. What love is and what it
creates are one and the same. Cause and effect are one. Means and ends are the
same.

Because love is the only creative source, everything that does not come from
love can be undone. Indeed, love, as soon as it is welcomed in union with
truth, undoes it sweetly. The sweetness of love is what guarantees that you
need not worry about the effects of your failures. Nothing from God can cause
pain or discomfort. God is infinite tenderness. She is the softness of love.
Everything needing to be undone has already been undone.

Now we are living in a new creation, the creation of the redeemed son of the
Lamb, a creation as holy and divine as all that comes from the heart of God. We
are living the effects of the creation of Jesus of Nazareth. That is, we are
already living in the light of the glory of the resurrection.

Be aware that you are already saved, redeemed, recreated, that you are a new
being and that what was impossible for humanity has become a reality because
nothing is impossible for God. This is the key to the liberation of all mental
limitations and the perfect means by which you allow a breath of fresh air to
blow over your mind and heart and waft the fragrances of the new divine
creation that you are.

With infinite holiness God created Her children in Her likeness so that She
remains one with them and thus to eternally enjoy happiness. She endowed them
with free will, just as She Herself has. She clothed them with all power to
create as resides in Her divine being. Her children chose to create in a
different way than was the plan of the Creator. Then God instantaneously and
simultaneously created everything necessary to undo what Her children did, if
they so choose. Thus the goodness of the Lord is sealed and the will of the
Mother and the son are respected forever.

Whoever wishes to live in union can do so because the resurrection has
already been created and given. Whoever wants the life of love can live it
because of the love of Christ. Whoever wants to come to me can. The doors of my
heart are open wide.

You who have reached this point of the path, know that you are among those who
have chosen only love, and are therefore souls reborn from above. Now all that
you once did to separate yourself from God has been discarded and replaced by
the perfect knowledge of who you truly are, knowledge that allows you to know
yourself in the light of love and holiness.

You are the redeemed one. You are holy, not because of your merit, but because
of God’s redeeming love. You are a new creation of love. A new creation that
can never return to fear. You who have come this far will never return to the
dream of oblivion. You are the one hundred and forty-four thousand clothed in
glory. You are the living Christs that inhabit the Earth. You are the ones who
made the fundamental choice for love. You are my assistants of the last times,
the children of Mary. You are the triumph of love.

