---
ref: "4"
title: "The Joy of Being"
subtitle: "A message from Mother Mary"
---

## I. God is Joy

Dear child of my Immaculate Heart! Thanks for answering my call. I am your
Mother and I love you with perfect love. I am the sweetness of the love of God
made woman, without ceasing to be as God created me to be. I am the one your
heart seeks. I am the safe haven of your soul.

Come now and always to draw on the treasures of my heart as the Mother of Pure
Love. Again, I tell you that everything that belongs to me belongs to you
because there is nothing in me that is not of God. Pray, my son, my daughter.
Pray for miracles. Pray for the healing of hearts. That is the greatest
miracle. Pray that your sisters and brothers in Christ will return to the joy
of being.

You were created to be happy in God’s love, just as is all creation.  Smile
more every day, so the world fills with joy. Your heart, in union with my
Immaculate Heart and the Sacred Heart of my divine son Jesus, is the source of
joy. To remain united with joy is to live in the truth of your being.

God is joy. This is the same as saying that God is love, since love and joy are
one and the same. Those who live in the presence of love are joyful as well as
strong. I have come by the will of the Creator and by your willingness to
reveal to you the mystery of the joy of being. I say mystery, which is the
right word, because for those who have lived for so long without the joy of
living, the power of love has become a mystery, even though it is the best
known power in the universe.

God does not hide from anyone or anything. That is why I, as the Mother of the
living, do not hide myself from anyone or anything. There is no reason to hide.
I am the light of truth. I am the light of the world that shines in you. I am
Mary, Mother of God, of Jesus, and your Mother. I am the Mother of creation. I
am the joy of God and of the saints, as are you.

Just as it has been said that sweetness seems to be in great absence from the
world, so is its eternal companion, joy. This is due to painful memories,
remnants of times of struggle—times in which the identification with the
ego-body caused you to live submerged in an unbridled race for survival,
forgetful of the providential power of God’s love.

The ego is lack of love so it cannot digest joy. Living with a frown is the
signature of the ego: looking serious, worried, and talking about painful or
“important” things. The experience of pain indeed exists in the dimension of
time and space, and often pain angers those who do not yet understand who they
are in the light of holiness. However, it is also true that the world is
neutral. It has no real power over my children.

Those who live in God have nothing to fear. They can afford to be happy and
live happily in love because they know they have a loving mother who watches
over them as no other mother can or ever will. They know the power of love.
They accept it and rejoice in it.


## II. Only God is Real

I am your sweet Mary. I am the tenderness of God. Thoughts of God give joy
because they are thoughts of pure love. What is not of love is not of God and
therefore is not real.

God is the only reality. Therefore only love is real. Although you have already
heard this, you have not always established this truth as the rule of your
mind. When I say “rule” I do not mean to create new mental structures, merely
replacing old content with new without changing your mentality. Remember, you
live at the onset of miracle-mindedness; you have abandoned iden- tification
with conditional mind. It is decidedly time to deny all that is unreal.

We, the Immaculate Heart of Mary, in perfect unity with the Sacred Heart of
Jesus, and eternally united to your heart, are the only reality God created. We
are the totality of beautiful love. We are a pure and holy trinity. Nothing
outside our union really exists. All else can exist only in puerile fantasies
or sickly imag- inings, and even if temporary, do nothing but cause harm.

Fantasies or illusions cannot by themselves cause pain. For that to be
possible, there must be a desire for them to be real, that is, you apply faith
to the illusion. Sooner or later those who live in unreality suffer, because
creating and identifying with fantasies is out of harmony with the will of God
and therefore with the mind of Christ. Unreality is unnatural to your being.
Reality is; unreality is not.

I speak of the reality of love and the illusion of fear or fanta- sies because
our topic is the joy of being. All joy comes from God, just as does all
holiness, purity, and love. It is necessary to live in union with what you
truly are to live in the state of lasting joy.

There is a direct relationship between truth, love, and joy. Nobody is happy in
a lie. No one can experience the joy of being if they do not love what they
are. The fantasies or illusions that I speak of have been created by the
thinking mind to deny true being, and with it the truth. Since the being that
you are in truth is love and nothing but love, when you deny your being you
also deny love and all its treasures, including harmony, happiness, and endless
bliss. I have already said this, but I repeat it because your salvation depends
on your daily remembrance of this truth.

I do not say this to induce concern. I know with perfect certainty that truth
brings only joy. Be well, for you no longer fear truth. You have abandoned fear
and live in the presence of love. I tell you all this because I love you. What
my mother’s heart desires most of all is that you be happy. I can show you the
way, draw aside veils, reveal patterns of thought to quietly abandon, and many
other things. All that is important but not essential. What is essential is
love.

Our mother-child relationship is not only the gateway to the Kingdom of Heaven
but Heaven itself. This is why I manifest myself more every day and will
continue to do so forever. I do it for love.

The Father who loves you with Divine Love has arranged for our triune
relationship of love to be your reality, for you and for the whole world. All
of creation lives in me and I live in it. This statement is as true for me as
it is for you. Divine reality lives entirely in your most holy heart; you live
in all creation. In the unity of all that God created lies the joy of being.

Observe, dear child, that often in the past your sisters and brothers, and even
you, could not find sincere joy in life. It is a fact that there are few who
serenely give thanks to God for having given them life, although everyone
should do so constantly to activate the joy of being. This lack of gratitude
for life, or distrust, is the result of a confusion of levels. Being an ego—or
what society, family, culture, or any other type of struc- ture determines as
appropriate—is identifying with what is not real, since it does not come from
God. Such identification with a way of being alien to what you really are is
what made a calvary of your life.

## III. Being Happy

To be fully yourself is an inescapable condition of authentic happiness because
it is simply the joy of being. When your being expresses as yourself, you know
yourself.  When you do so, it is as if you very literally contemplate yourself
through your spiritual vision, which is the vision of Christ.

What else can Christ contemplate but reality? And what else is reality but the
beauty that love created as an extension of itself? If love is the source of
creation, and I assure you that this is eternally true, then what else can the
eyes of spirit contem- plate but the most beautiful panoramas imaginable? What
God is, is beyond all imagination as are you, too.

What I am revealing here is the relationship between joy and being. Creation
was birthed from joy because God is joy. This is why, despite the tenacious,
tireless attempts of the ego to make life seem dark and defective, it fails.
The ego is incapable of uprooting the joy of being because it is incapable of
knowing what being is. Remember, the ego was simply an ignorant idea of your
true self.

When fear has left never to return, only love remains. When present, the joy of
living the true life of the soul that God gave is an eternal treasure. A split
mind prevails among those who have not yet recognized that the ego is gone. One
is mindful of the passing life of time, the other of the eternal life of God.
Although this split between the dimension of time and that of eternity is
unreal, for those still enmeshed in the idea of duality, dwelling in one or the
other makes all the difference.

The mind can deny truth as it can any other idea, even though your being rests
eternally in the joy of Heaven within our most Sacred Heart. The experience of
the soul, not the being, depends upon the acceptance or denial of what you are.
Acceptance gives you the eternal experience of endless bliss; denial creates
the experience of fear. Remember, experience is not for the being but for the
soul. The being is immutable. It does not learn because it has no need to
learn. Being simply is.

The joy of being resides simply in the joy of being itself. Thus happiness is
the relationship that exists between being and knowledge of oneself. Joy is the
effect of being. God is happy being who God is. By now you know that happiness
cannot be separated from truth. The authenticity of the heart is the basis of
happiness for it does not deny yourself at any level.

The world cannot make you cease being who you really are. This I have
demonstrated in union with my divine son Jesus, and many others have so
demonstrated and continue to demon- strate in many ways.

When I say the world has been defeated, I mean that it has been demonstrated
that it has no power over you and cannot any longer cause you to live submerged
in a cloud of amnesia. To forget the holiness that you are and the beauty of
God that lives in you is not the will of God, but it is a possible choice, not
in reality but in illusion. At any time or place you can live in the reality of
love or you can create fantasies, illusions, or even other states foreign to
God. This manufacturing of illusions or pseu- do-creations does not affect
reality, just as your fantasies do not make the sun stop shining or the birds
stop happily flying. If it were possible for the mind of God to begin to deny
Her being and fabricate fantasies of Herself, She would not change anything in
creation because what God creates is immutable. Nothing and no one can change
it. Love does not change, for love is real. The eternal God creates only
eternal love because of what God is and it cannot be uncreated.

I have been talking about joy and have taken a rather rational, instead of
emotional, approach. This is deliberate. Feelings must be accepted as they are,
along with all internal activity— thoughts, imagination, memory and will. But
love, in truth, is not a feeling. Love is what you are.

I am taking a very careful approach in this work. It is an approach of balance
between the rational and the affective. Remember, you are a mind-heart-soul
unit. You are spirit that emanated from the divinity of perfect love. Therefore
we cannot run the risk of confusing love with feelings, just as we should not
risk mistaking truth with intellectuality.

What we are doing in this work is manifesting the mind- heart union so that the
fullness of who you are is expressed. Remember once more, child of light, that
love without reason is madness, just as intelligence without love is cruel.

Joy and truth, as well as love and reason, go hand-in-hand. The world has not
tried to teach you happiness. Happiness is but another word for love. Happiness
is the soul in a state of purity. Happiness cannot be defined in words because
it is the fruit of love. Put most simply, happiness is being.

You who have never achieved lasting joy, rejoice that you have not reached the
elusive happiness that the world so insistently proposed for you, even though
it has never been found, much less retained, by anyone,.

My child, let us together dismantle all the definitions of that which is beyond
words. Love cannot be defined, nor its fruits. This is why you cannot define
what you are either. It is too vast to contain. The same is true with the
happiness of Heaven that dwells within.

Joy is the natural state of the pure soul, as are wisdom, truth, and love. As
such, joy is inherent in being. Therefore to search for happiness or to try to
create conditions for it is a notion so disconnected from divine reality as to
make no sense. The being that you are in truth has no idea of such things.
Being, Christ, is joy without end because it is perfect innocence. The innocent
are happy because of the nature of what innocence is.

My child, do not look for happiness, just be it.

## IV. The Joy of Sharing

You may wonder how to reach and sustain your natural state of being in which
you experience lasting joy. It is a logical question to ask after so much time
searching in vain for happiness. The key to the experience of joy is the same
as I spoke of about love: express it, give it. Since giving and receiving are
one and the same, then giving joy, expressing the happiness of being who you
really are, is how you become aware of the joy of being, just as with love.

Remember that perception is selective. Therefore in the field of perception you
must choose. The simple inner choice to be made is to convey joy instead of
pain.

It may seem a bit difficult at first, especially for those long immersed in the
cloud of amnesia of Adam—but it will only be so at the beginning. Being happy
is as easy and as natural as breathing, and actually much easier. Allowing joy
to expand from you to everything around you will be natural when you have
joined your being with the living Christ.

Tell happy stories. Bring to memory joys you experienced, the love given and
received. Kind feelings will lodge. Extend the bliss of the Heaven that dwells
in you. By doing so you will increasingly allow your consciousness to receive
the reality and fruits of love. You will find that a broken heart will become a
happy heart. You will notice how your sister or brother comes to you with tears
and leaves with a serene face, a smooth forehead, and a smile.

Make everyone you meet you happier and better. You have the power to do it. In
fact, you have already done it often. What I, and all creation, ask of you is
to make this such a natural habit that it becomes your only way of living. I
assure you that it is the only way to live in Heaven. It is how, together, we
bring Heaven to Earth. It is how we bring joy and peace to the world.

There are many ways of being, but only one way is God’s way.

Go through the world  showing  your  sisters  and  brothers the beauty that
they are. Tell them again and again. Do not miss a single opportunity. You can
do it in countless ways. All are necessary. Be yourself in every moment. Do not
look for a guide other than your heart. I, the sweet Immaculate Heart of your
Mary in unity with Jesus, will always be your loving and cheerful companion.
You will not be alone in bringing to Earth the joy of Heaven. It all resides in
your heart.

Such joy to be certain! Now we remember again our eternal goal: to be the ones
who bring our brothers and sisters in Christ to awaken to the joy of God.
Wherever we go, we go in union with God, telling happy stories. True stories.
Stories based on the beauty of souls. We show the nobility of spirit, the mercy
of a God of pure love. We allow the smile of Christ to be drawn on our faces.

What a joy it is to have found the truth we were looking for! Now we know what
we are. We are joy. We are light. We are perfect holiness. We are one with God.
Now we go through life with a happy heart, full of joy. We walk safely along
the path that love prepares. We are surrounded by the angels of God and Heaven.

Heaven is where we are going. Where we tread, we trans- form barren land into
verdant and holy land. The universe in its infinite wisdom sends us those who
long for pure love.

Now we are guided by spirit, which acts in our lives. Its breeze takes away
that which must go and brings what is in accord with divine benevolence. The
powerful energy of love and her daughter, joy, attract holy creations to us
with a force greater than that of an immense magnet upon a small pin. We create
a vortex of love, a portal to heavenly bliss.

Today is a day of jubilation. Today we consciously decide to channel not only
the wisdom of Christ, but His perfect joy, imperturbable stillness, vibrant
strength, and the treasures of the Kingdom. We recognize that we are the joy of
God spreading in creation. We remain united to the joy of Christ. We remember
that it is in giving that we receive, as a holy companion of truth that exudes
joy with every step. We extend love. We remind our beloved but forgetful
sisters and brothers of the holiness they truly are. We flood the Earth with
the joy of the Holy Spirit. We let the joy of creation be expressed as what we
truly are.

What happiness it is no longer to need search for shadows to illuminate! Light
has now suffused all space. We remember that joy is a way of being, as is love.

Sons and daughters, you receive these words that spring from the heart of God.
I ask you, with all the love and sweetness of my Immaculate Heart, to listen to
what the mother of the living says in the name of the three times holy.

All shadows of sin have left your heart, as if they never existed. Your whole
being, both in your humanity and in your divinity, is enlightened. Every single
corner of your soul has imbibed the flow of divine holiness. You are light.
Everything I am, you are. Accept this truth and fully accept me in your heart.
Recognizing the truth of these words is how we remain united forever in the
love of God and allow Christ to shine with glory and splendor.

Daughters and sons of Mary, sweet mother of God, I send you to the world once
again so that you may spread the joy of Heaven and be happy in the joy of
sharing. Shout to the world: Joy is God’s way!

