---
ref: "14"
title: "Communication from Above"
subtitle: "A message from Jesus"
---

## I. The Dialogue of the Soul

Child of the three times saint! Child in the arms of love! Once again I am
present in your life here and now in the dimension of time and space, although
our communication is not subject to either of them and its source resides in
the realm of no time. We speak from heart to heart through the one mind and the
sanctity of our being. Communication between God and the soul, between the
wisdom of Heaven and humanity, develops between the “I am” of Christ and the “I
am” of your being, whose qualities and realities are identical. Our
communication is two ways: I give love, you receive love; you give me love, I
receive your love; and again I extend to you more love.

The flow of communication between the soul and its Creator, between you and me,
is a flow of love that makes the communication channel through which it flows
expand and be able to receive more. We use terms like “channel,” “flow,” and
“more” simply to say in metaphorical or allegorical terms the truth we are
trying to express. Obviously, in the reality of being there is no such thing as
a channel, a flow, or a you and a me. All is part of the same reality. All is a
unit, otherwise there would have to be a separation between one aspect of being
and another.

Certainly there is no such thing as love over there and you over here, or
between God above and Her child below. Those distinctions are as unreal as
everything else in the world of illusion. There is simply one united being. I
use the term, “united” to try to reflect in an accurate way what you are. The
soul and God are united in the sense that your soul is at the center of the
soul of Christ, and is at the center of God’s heart. The flow of divinity is a
constant between those three concentric circles— the Divine Being, the Christ,
and you. Those three dimensions of divine truth are like the most Holy Trinity
that gives origin to yourself.

Everything in creation has a triple reality, so to speak. Observe and you will
see this is true. The triune dimension of your being is something that few
remember and almost nobody honors. Forgetting this truth is the cause of much
misunderstanding and suffering.

There is creation, the Creator, and the relationship between the two. This is a
trinitarian dimension. There is Jesus, Mary, and the Holy Spirit that unites
within the reality of God Herself and all that is holy, perfect, and beautiful.
This is a dimension of the Holy Trinity. In the plane of bodies there is the
mother, the father, and the child. According to the body’s thought system,
unless two separate things come together in some way, there is no option of a
third being engendered. Even in the so-called social systems, this triune
reality exists. In governmental systems, for example, there is the ruler, who
cannot exist without the ruled, and there is the relationship between the two;
otherwise neither could exist.

Just as everything in creation has a trinitarian dimension, because everything
comes from the most Holy Trinity, so does your being. Your being exists; there
is not the slightest doubt. Your being has an origin to which it is united. I
call it Abba. It goes by the unnamable, the Alpha and the Omega, and many other
names. In addition to your being and your Source, there is a relationship
between them, which is love.

In the communication between the soul and God, there is also a trinitarian
reality. God communicates Her being to the soul so that the soul can be. It
returns to the Mother the love received from the extension of Her being. In
that way a new being is created as a result of the union of God and the soul.
The relationship that makes this possible is what we call Heaven, Christ, or
perfect love. Communication is a flow of being, just as a river is a flow of
water. This is why love has no words. It does not need them. In the reality of
being, the only thing that exists is “I am.”

We can exemplify the dialogue of the soul with its Creator as a flow in which
God communicates to the beloved, “I am your God,” and the soul communicates to
the Mother “I am the one you have arranged for all eternity. I am your will. I
am your love.” In “I am your God” there is all the power of creation. Through
this, the divine spirit infuses life to the soul; it is created and recreated
within the ecstasy of heavenly love.

The flow of Divine Love communicated from God to the soul does not leave God,
but is a circle of infinite love with no beginning or end. When the soul
extends Divine Love by extending its being as a sign of the gratitude of
reciprocal love it shows to its Mother and Creator, this extension takes place
within eternal life because everything happens in the life of God. Outside of
love, nothing exists; nothing that is holy, true, or real. Therefore, what is
done between the soul and its Creator is not within time and space although it
may extend to them.

## II. Stay in Being

Divine Love created you. Divine Love sustains your being. Divine Love is what
you extend because of what you are. Divine Love is the only thing that exists
in truth.

The flow of inner thoughts, feelings, and realities that arise in you, all of
which are non-physical, come from the spiritual world and can then create the
physical or the spiritual. Remember, every thought creates on some level.
Nothing is neutral in your mind, even though everything created is neutral.
Recognizing and sustaining in consciousness the neutrality of creation is an
essential aspect of your liberation from fear. Life is neutral in all its
dimensions. It is always like a blank canvas to which you and your brothers and
sisters endow value or meaning, assigning the values you freely wish. That
makes nothing neutral for you. Everything in your experience is the result of
your valuation. As you interpret, so will you experience. Interpret under the
prism of fear and everything will engender fear. Interpret in the light of the
truth that the Holy Spirit reveals and everything will speak to you of love.

Nothing and no one has the ability to hurt you, nor can you hurt anyone. This
is an eternal truth, but it does not mean it is true for you. Why do we speak
of wounds, the neutrality of creation, and the relationship between your soul
and your creator? Because there is a relationship between them that needs to be
brought to light.

Whenever you felt hurt, it was because somehow an ancestral memory activated
in you, older than time and the physical universe, in which you felt the pain
of separation. It was never because someone hurt you. The situation that had
come to your consciousness was what made you remember such pain. That is
actually what some have called “karma,” although certainly there cannot be a
scheme for the distribution of faults by means of punishments or painful
experiences wherein you pay your debts. Nobody pays anything.

You did not come to the world to pay your debts with God. If it were possible
for you to owe something to the eternal life that God is, how could you pay it?
What could pay a debt to infinite love? Life understands nothing of punishment,
or sharing of sacrifices to expiate ancestral faults. Life is love.

## III. Sustain the Truth

You came to the world to heal from separation, not in the sense of making
separation not exist—since it has never been real—but in the sense of healing
your perception.  A distorted interpretation of love causes suffering in the
mind and heart of the child of God. That is the level at which healing is
required, and the world exists for that to be possible. Truly, truly, I tell
you that the physical world is the perfect medium for your salvation, that is,
for your healing. This has not always been the case, as has already been
explained, but is true since my resurrection.

Because of the world’s immutable neutrality, nobody has the ability to hurt you
and you do not hurt anyone for the same reason. If you still feel hurt it is
because you have not yet changed your perception completely. Actually, your
perception has changed, but what really needs to be left behind is your habit
of looking for culprits.

What you call inner life is the sum of your responses. You respond to the clock
that dreams of waking up every morning, the sun that enters the window of your
room when you open your eyes, the cold or the heat that the body feels when
leaving your house, and the swarm of cars on the road when you go to work. You
respond in one way or another to each phone call, to every wisp of wind, to
every person who you see or talk to. You assign meaning to everything.

The habit of assigning meaning is the origin of assigning blame. This statement
is very powerful and if you can accept it with all your heart you will be able
to put truth at the service of your fullness.

Observe the mechanism of assigning blame and you will see the relationship that
exists between your wounds and the neutrality of everything, and the
relationship between your being and your source. If you follow this thought you
will be free of pain forever.

Giving meaning to things is how the ego tries to be equal to God. This egoistic
desire to be equal with the Creator is a substitute for the truth that your
true self—not the egoic self—is one with God. The mind always knew it came from
something other than itself, despite the confusion introduced by the ego. To
attempt to resolve the dilemma of its origin, ego identified with the body. To
do so it had to assign meaning to the body, and did exactly that. Thus arose
the ancestral mechanism of the mind to grant a purpose to everything.

Much has already been said about the confusion that occurred when the mind
separated from the heart. It is a matter of great importance, often overlooked.
Therefore please heed what I am saying.

Every present memory of past wounds originates from the desire to find the
guilty ones so that they pay for the evil they caused. It does not matter if
that assignment falls on a sister or a brother, on you, on a group, or on a
collective event. If you want to find a culprit you will always succeed.

Guilt can be a way of relating. In fact, there are many, very many, world
relationships based on guilt and sustained by guilt. Just as relationships with
your sisters and brothers may be based on guilt, so too may your relationship
with your own being. If you relate on the basis of guilt, then you are
continuing to feed the guilt within. In some way you have blamed your being.

Blaming yourself for what you are or used to be and, according to your
interpretation, you should not have been, is the foundation of the mental and
emotional pattern that keeps guilt active. All guilt comes from blaming your
being. As has been said frequently, it arises from a lack of love for yourself.

Once you have exposed the habit of searching for a guilty party or circumstance
for your unfortunate life, and observe without judgment what happens inside
you, you can notice when that pattern is activated. When situations arise in
your life from deep down in your consciousness and set that pattern in motion,
you have created the perfect situation to bring it to light and free yourself
from it.

You need not continue to create pain for yourself or for others. Your human
nature is not corrupted by an inherent tendency toward self-destruction. Your
true nature is sanctity and perfect harmlessness. That in you which is not
innocent or loving must have been learned from the world—not from your Creator.

Brothers and sisters! Listen once again! From Heaven itself I speak to you with
pure Divine Love. I invite you from all corners of the world to accept the fact
that violence is as alien to you as night is to day. Your reality is holiness.
You are beautiful, beautiful in your being. Be not persuaded that you cannot
live in the love that you truly are. Voices to the contrary are false. Judge
what you see and hear with your heart, not with the judgment of the thinking
mind.

Judge in favor of your desire for peace and harmony. Listen to the call to
happiness that comes from your holy heart, for that call will guide you on the
path of truth and will never lead you astray. Hear your soul’s call to
innocence and purity. You will be happy and sweet in love.

Leave aside the search for guilt. Guilt only exists in your mind that assigns
meaning. You have been accustomed to seeing the world as the cause of your
ills. But that is not true. The only cause of tribulation lies in the erroneous
perceptions of the mind, which can be resolved when you give yourself to love.
Love heals all wounds.

Love can embrace everything, and in so doing transforms everything into more
love. Therefore, I ask you with all my heart to give all thought and feeling,
all mental and emotional patterns, to love. Bring love to your wounds if you
still perceive them. That way you will be free of them and finally not feel
pain any more. Wounds need not be carried on the spiritual path. They can be
released, never to return.

## IV. Harmlessness

Violence is so alien to love that you have no idea of its impact on your
perception. Being harmless is the reality of love. When you respond with
violence to anything, it signifies your disconnection from love. Violence
arises from misplaced expectations.

When you assign a purpose to something, you evaluate and make a judgment, which
creates an expectation. For example, you may meet someone with a certain
personality and assign that person the function of being your partner to help
you escape the pain arising from the fear of loneliness. When this result does
not happen— no one can free you from your own creations—you get angry with
them. You try to get your expectations fulfilled either by making the person
change their attitude or by looking for someone else. The same scenario applies
for the attainment you seek from money, fame, or other things.

Things of the world have no value. This statement may sound extreme and even
pejorative to those who do not understand. It is the truth, however. Truly,
truly, I tell you that if you assign value to what has no value—that is,
anything of the world— you will fall into the trap of guilt. I am not
suggesting that you despise the world or distrust it, but that you observe the
thoughts and emotions that arise within you. It is not about the world but your
relationship with it.

Relationship is everything because God is relationship. Thus, you can begin to
understand the direct connection between your relationship with God and that
with the world. What you think of the world, you think of yourself. What you
think of, you think of God. You may not have clearly expressed this truth out
of fear or to maintain the mechanism of guilt. However, if you are honest, you
will recognize that the thought pattern is there. What is neutral cannot have
intrinsic value. This is what I mean by saying that the world has no value. The
idea of assigning

value is alien to Heaven. To value is to judge.

If the cause of inner pain is not outside of you, and if the reality of your
being is Christ, then from whence arises your pain? This question is of great
importance. You have been so accustomed to believing that both fear and love
live in your soul or your heart that you have created a world of confusion.

My brother, my sister, beloveds of the truth, if I do not suffer, you do not
suffer, for the one who is speaking is you. There is no such thing as a voice
external to yourself. You hear only your own voice. I am the voice of your true
consciousness. I am the voice of God that has been given to all creation. Your
voice is my voice and also your voice. The one speaking to you is the reality
of who you are.

What suffers is not part of you because it is not part of your relationship
with God. What dies is not part of you because it is not part of God.

If you experience fear, remember that you must have been looking for a culprit
for something you did not like. An ill-fitting expectation is going around in
your mind. Maybe you think that those expectations are justified. In that case,
remember that it is untrue. Once you have recognized this, stop searching for
the cause of your pain. You will never find it because there is none. Fear has
no cause. What has no cause cannot be real.

## V. Liberation and Relationship

What suffers is not part of you because love cannot make you suffer and nothing
outside of love is true.  So who is the one who cries out in fear? None. There
is no such thing as that “you.” The one who trembles in fear is not someone or
something, but simply a memory.

If you diligently look for your fearful self, or the one guilty of having hurt
you, you will not find it because it is not real. It is more like a shadow of
the past, or like the flash of a star that thousands of years ago ceased to
exist, but is still seen because a dimension of space continues to create an
image of what was but is no longer.

Nothing is as it seems. The soul is wise. Truth is constantly being revealed.
The soul does not need the interpretation of the thinking mind with its logical
axioms. The problem is not in meanings themselves or in your soul, but in using
the logical reasoning of the lower mind to assign purpose to everything.
Without doubt, everything has a meaning because of your will. The issue is to
set aside the insistence of the thinking mind to seek explanations for
everything it cannot know.

Suffering is caused by the ignorance of the thinking mind. A mind disconnected
from its source gives its own meanings to what it observes through the body’s
senses.

I am speaking of the relationship you have with your being. Of the relationship
that you have with that hurt self. Of the holy relationship that you may or may
not have with life. Relationship is based on identity; therefore the question
does not reside in the wound itself or even in the memory of it, but in your
identification with it.

The mental pattern that continues to keep pain active due to the supposed
wounds of the past and your identification with them is a pattern of what the
mind believes you are. It is a matter of identity. What is meant is that the
identity of the suffering victim is something that must be deactivated in order
to switch off the energy that creates your suffering. The question is one of
identification with the suffering itself.

The relationship you have with your being is the basis of your reality. In
effect, your relationship with the Divine, which is the basis of your
relationship with the being that you are in truth, can be based on fear or
love, just as any relationship can be. We return to the subject of the wounded
self to show how one can relate to one’s wounds from fear or from love. To
respond with fear to the pain of the past maintains a judgment of guilt
concerning something that is no longer. Memory is sustaining itself,
identifying with the past. It says “I am that,” when in truth you are not.

It is important that you understand that I am speaking once more of the
compulsion to suffer, to keep opening wounds, searching to justify your
unfortunate life.

That which suffers is not you, nor part of your being. It is a system of
thought, a mental mechanism that, like a motor, sets in motion the energy of
fear. It is from that mechanism that you must be liberated. It is a
dysfunctional mode of mind. It is necessary for you to become aware of it.

If you observe what happens when the energy of fear in your soul begins, you
will see that it has no objective reason. It is simply your mind doing it out
of habit. It is literally a form of addiction. Remember, addictions are a type
of slavery caused by a debt that cannot be paid.

The pain body, your set of painful memories, exists in your memory and
imagination although it is unreal and not part of your being. To dismantle
those memories requires observation and patience.

In your relationship with your true self you cannot experience suffering.

The pain body is not a being or an entity, simply an emotional memory. If you
observe what you feel when that pain is activated you will realize that
somehow, at some level, you have ceased to be authentic. The experience of pain
is actually the experience of the loss of being. Somehow you disconnected
yourself from what you are, which triggered the memory of separation. By doing
that, your true self was rejected and your injured self stepped forward. It is
like reliving the pain of separation again and again.

In the past you believed that you were a separate being. That identification
activated the suffering being that you identified with. Be aware of it. Your
mind is asking and your heart is imploring you to let it go forever.

Just as the body is able to function in such a way that it can create pain, the
mind can create suffering. This is a malfunction of the mind since the mind was
created not to create pain but to be the means by which spirit creates the
holy, the beautiful, and the perfect. In other words, when the body creates a
state in which the cells begin to degenerate or function disharmoniously and
create disease, it signifies that the mind is doing it.

The mechanism by which the mind creates pain and activates the energy of fear
is a disturbance that can be healed once you accept your fears and recognize
that none of them will hurt you because they were only in your imagination. The
love of truth will set you free.

When you feel the pain body being activated, the important thing is to learn to
observe it with loving patience, without judgment. Silence, watching, and
waiting is still the way of the Holy Spirit. Therefore, remember in those
circumstances that you do not know where the suffering comes from nor do you
know where it is going. Remember also that it really does not come from
anywhere or go anywhere. As it came, it will go. If there is suffering, there
is fear; if there is fear, there is guilt. If there is guilt there is an error
of perception. Therefore, returning to the relationship with God is how you
break that chain which has nothing to do with truth but only enslaves you.

Never try to avoid what you feel, be it pain, joy, or fullness. If you try to
eliminate it from your human experience you will create more pain, because
trying to avoid pain is a decision made from fear.

Pain is feeling discouraged. Thus if you suffer, you have somehow disconnected
yourself from your being. When we speak of the “connection with your being,” I
am speaking of the unitive relationship with God. It is in that relationship
where the soul lives in peace and harmony, submerged in an ecstasy of loving
contemplation. It is by staying in that relationship with your true self that
the being feels protected.

Not being is the cause of all fear and all suffering. Therefore to forever
eliminate fear and welcome love it is essential to be the one you are, united
with what you are, that is, to the Christ in you.

Union with your being is a communication. Relationship itself is communication.
That common union between your being and your true Creator is the cause of your
joy, your life, and your salvation. It is within the unitive relationship with
Christ that you live the life of God. It is in the divine relationship where
communication with the Most High is revealed and flows in a way that the mind
cannot understand but your being can. That communication creates new love
because of what it is.

