---
ref: "6"
title: "Life is Communion"
subtitle: "A message from Mother Mary"
---

## I. Prelude

Beloveds of Heaven, the floodgates of God’s heart have been opened as never
before. You are repositories of a love without beginning or end, a love that
can neither be taught nor learned, an eternal, alive, life-giving love. Drink
now and always from the fountain of this beautiful love. It is here, closer
even than the air you breathe. My being is one with your being. I am in your
heart, in everyone’s heart. Nobody is outside my being.

I am revealing a great truth. This mother not only prays every day for each of
you, but protects you and calls to you incessantly. Be you asleep or awake,
aware or not, I communicate with each one of you and with each aspect of
creation. True communication is not body to body but heart to heart. It is
this of which I speak.

Communication can be unidirectional, in a certain sense. This occurs when the
receiver does not actively respond. This is the case with those who say they do
not hear my voice. But everyone receives my voice in some way or they would
cease to exist. My voice communicates life because it is the word of eternal
life. Communion has no limit. As a unit, we all participate in the whole.
This reality is what makes it impossible for anyone to receive more than
others. God gives to all equally.

Love does not separate, it unites. It cannot create a divided situation. If it
creates special considerations for some and not for others that would be alien
to the truth of love. The sun shines on everyone. I have already spoken of the
equality of love. Much has been said about it, but little progress seems to
have been made in understanding that we are all equal in love and yet also
different in its expression.

No two hearts are identical, so no two relationships can be identical. No one
can love instead of another. Everyone has the heart God gave, capable of
harboring the divine totality and at the same time the freedom to express
according to each one’s will. Love and freedom are a unit.

## II. Answer and Identity

The difference between one person and another lies not in their source but in
their response. The voice of love communicates to everyone and to everything,
but not all respond in the same way. I am bringing to light a mental trap, a
thought pattern, a mental program that we will dissolve and release forever. I
speak of the thought that you are not worthy to be chosen by God. That false
belief has convinced you that Mary, Jesus, Buddha, Christ, a Swami—or whatever
name you give to various spiritual realities such as Archangels, Angels, or
Ascended Masters—cannot communicate with you although they do so with others.

The key is not whether Heaven speaks to you or not. The key is what you do with
the fact that God is constantly communicating love to you, regardless of
whether you respond reciprocally.

Love is life and life is being communicated to you incessantly or you would not
exist. Love communicates not only with thoughts or feelings, desires or
longings, but also through being. If love did not communicate with you, you
would simply not be. Being exists because love sustains it. And it does so
through its relationship with you.

Sisters and brothers of the world, you have a relationship with love, just as
you have a relationship with life. It is a relationship with God that exists in
the depth of your heart. You can cancel it to a large extent from your
consciousnesses, but you cannot eliminate it. You can try to be indifferent to
the call of love, and to the holy relationship that exists with it, but you
cannot make it nonexistent, since divine relationship is the foundation of
creation. Love is relationship; thus the communion that exists between the soul
and God cannot be annulled.

Love is inviting you now to forget all that you have lived. To leave behind
your way of thinking and your belief that direct communication with God is for
the few, and certainly not for you. Christ wants you to open yourself to
express very concretely what happens with Christ within you. There is a
dialogue. You know it well. When you are silent you can observe and hear that
dialogue. What if you start right now to experience it?

If you follow and express the inspirations of your heart, which come from the
spirit of love, you will be making the relationship you have with God
observable. You may do it by writing messages or a book, or painting, curing
the sick, listening to the afflicted, creating organizations of various kinds,
or going to live on top of a mountain. Who knows how? Only you will know.

Only you can respond in your own particular way to what happens in the inner
universe of your soul. In fact, you always do so, even while asleep. Only you
can make observable the relationship you have with love and thereby extend
the love you are.

We have reached the point where we have united love with relationship, and your
expression with your direct relationship with God. In effect, you are always
expressing your direct relationship with love in some way because your life
is the external manifestation of what happens inside you. You can block the
expression, yet that very blockage is your response. You can deny the dialogue
of love that exists between your Creator and your being, but that does not mean
you do not respond.

What I speak of is responding affirmatively to the love that God is which lives
in you by accepting the holiness you are— deliberately accepting yourself as a
holy child of God, created perfectly for the purpose of being happy in perfect
love, and extending the Kingdom of Heaven forever.

What is not manifested is hidden from your consciousness, so if the dialogue of
love that occurs incessantly in your soul is not manifested in a direct
relationship with God, it will remain veiled to you and your sisters and
brothers. Denying and not reciprocating your direct relationship with God and
failing to express it is like deciding to marry the person you love but not
acting on it or telling anyone about it.

To conceal your marriage from everyone, including yourself and your spouse, or
to conceal the love you have for a friend, a child, or any loved one, would be
crazy, even to yourself. Yet for some strange reason you do not consider it
madness to deny the direct relationship that you have to Her whose love exerts
an irresistible force that even you cannot control.

God’s love for you and yours for Her is literally the force that moves the
universe. It is so massive that it encompasses all existence. It is so
unconditional that nothing and no one can ever remove it. It is so sublime that
it cannot be expressed in words. And yet this is the love you have hidden from
the gaze of others. Why?

Sometimes one may hide what is valuable to protect it. Often you hide what you
consider sacred in temples and places where few can enter.

My child, it is your own being that you protect so jealously because you know
it is holy and are unwilling to have it trampled or desecrated. You hide not
only your being, but your holy relationship, your relationship with God.

Being and relationship are one. This simple affirmation is the essence of the
truth about who you are. If love is union, then it has to be a holy
relationship. If you are the being that God created, you must also be the
relationship that God created. We call this a holy relationship, which is the
relationship you have with all creation. In this relationship all of God’s
thoughts exist to an infinite degree. It is a triune relationship—your being,
God, and the spirit of love—that gathers within itself all things. It is where
I am taking you.

This work, clothed with words of eternal life, has and will continue to take
you ever deeper, to the love of the most Holy Trinity, a love that has no
beginning or end. A perfect love. God’s Love. The manifestation of a direct
relationship with God. Remember that every time you think of God you are
consciously in Heaven. That is why the mind is at rest in the memory of the
Creator.

## III. Divine Relationship, Holy Love

To become aware of the relationship that exists between the Creator and
creation is to make visible what is invisible. Behind everything that exists
is a mesh of interconnection that allows everything to be as it is and unfold
as it does. There is an intelligence or wisdom behind everything created and
also a flow of what many call “spiritual energy” that is constantly creating
manifested life. That intelligence, which has been given so many names such as
Abba, God, Being, Spirit, and Love, is a divine relationship. It exists. It is
the source of life.

You cannot see the interrelationship of everything with everything. That would
be to see God face to face. But you can see its effects. And because cause and
effect are one and the same, you can see the Creator in the created and the
created in the Creator. You can go from the abstract to the concrete, and from
this to that in a harmonious flow of knowledge through the inherent
relationship that exists between the two.

Does all this seem a lot? And yet it is not. God does not hide Her relationship
with Her beloveds. God is not crazy, nor seeks to protect what nothing and
nobody can attack. Nothing real can attack love. Nothing can put the child of
God at risk.

Do you leave the direct relationship you have with God locked in the vaults of
your heart, blocked with barricades of untrue beliefs? Let the holy
relationship express itself by reason of what you are. Accept your direct
relationship with the love that God is. Express yourself!

Make it a habit to praise the Creator of the holy, beautiful, and perfect. Sing
to love. Dance to the beat of life. Smile with the angels. Speak to the mother
of the living. Live life immersed in your vibrant force of being. Be yourself
at all times. Let yourself be loved. Do what your heart tells you and you will
be making visible the God that you are in truth. You will be showing the face
of love. You will be fulfilling the will of God—the will that Her child be
known forever to everyone and everything.

Your concrete relationship with Christ is the only way to be aware of your
direct relationship with God, the divine unity in which everything exists, and
therefore the truth of your being. Refrain from speculating about the infinity
of God and Her immeasurable reality; it will not help much.

The knowledge of who you really are will make your ordinary life
extraordinary and make sense of everything. And since that knowledge can only
be achieved in the relationship you have with God, the awareness of your
unitive relationship with Christ becomes the foundation of your happiness. You
are a being in relationship, as all beings are. Nothing and nobody exists
outside of holy relationship.

What I am revealing, the foundation of your life, is something you already know
but have not done: to express your direct relationship with God, to listen to
the voice of love and follow it. This is the sole function of every living
being. You are a relationship, and therefore are in incessant dialogue, which
is why you listen to the constant dialogue in your mind regardless of its
quality.

The mind and heart are always active because they are in relationship. Through
this your being joins everything and everyone. This is the simple repeating of
what I have said many times: we are one mind, one single being, a single
reality, a single holy love. We are communion.

Life and love are identical. Therefore, if life is thought, life must also be
relationship. And since you communicate life, then you yourself are
relationship.

These words are words of infinite life, imperishable life, the expression of
our relationship. They are a universal dialogue happening in all minds and
hearts. They are a perfect expression of the direct relationship of a soul
with God, expressed so that everyone knows that the soul speaks with God and
God communicates life abundantly. In this way others are encouraged to
express the relationship of love with the Creator and their pure souls.

All are called to make invisible love visible, to manifest what until now has
been hidden in the depths of holy hearts. All are called to live consciously in
a direct and observable relationship with God.

Children of all times and places! Do not deny to speak what your  hearts  would
scream.  God  exists!  And  God  is  love.  You know perfectly well that your
hearts beat to the rhythm of love.

Go through the world announcing your direct relationship with a God of infinite
love. Go around the world awakening your sisters and brothers to the truth of
the holiness they are. Be happy in the knowledge of God’s love. Experience the
direct relationship with the mother of the living.

I am here at the door of every being. I call incessantly. Who opens, receives
me. And I enter with my divine son Jesus to dwell in your heart. Together with
the angels and the Creator of perfection we prepare a dinner and fall in love.

I invite you, all of you, to the banquet of life. Leave none outside. Go
through the squares and the streets to call the diners. Christ has arrived! The
time of the fullness of love has arrived. Come all, to Mary. Come all, to the
sweetness of the love of God. Rejoice eternally in the treasures of Heaven.

Be not content with less than holiness. You are literally the creators of the
new Heaven and the new Earth. Live more consciously each day in the
relationship you have with Christ and allow it to be expressed through you. In
that expression you will see Heaven in all its beauty and grace. Your direct
relationship with God is Heaven.

Children of my heart!

Thank you for answering my call. Thank you for the time you allow me to spend
with you in a union without compare. I love you with supernatural love. I love
you beyond what you can imagine.

Thanks to all who receive these words of eternal life. You have chosen the best
part and it will not be taken from you. You have chosen love and truth.

