---
ref: "10"
title: "The Spiritual Practice of Joy"
subtitle: "A message from Jesus"
---

## I. The Souls of Children

Beloved child of my love, today, as always, I come from pure Divine Love. I
join with you to create a new Heaven and a new Earth. In our union lies
creative power from the source of eternal life wherein you can become one with
your unique consciousness and create what only you and I together can. If our
union is not joined consciously, the creative power of the universe is blocked.
That is possible since it is part of the pure potentiality of being. There is
no sin in it, although it does make your happiness decrease.

God always creates. Always. What I have come to speak of with you is our joint
power, not the power of the Creator, for our function is not to be God as if we
had to help Her correct some aspect of Her being or creation. Here we are
interested only in what happens in our souls.

I have come to remind you of a lesson; although you know it, you often lose its
freshness and beauty. I speak of having you be like a child in the arms of a
mother. Remember that Heaven is a kingdom of soul children; in my heart are all
the children of my love.

Becoming a child is a spiritual attitude. In fact, it is a spiritual practice
of great importance. In order to understand the depth of what this expression
entails, it is necessary to re-signify what you previously considered to be a
spiritual exercise.

In the past you associated the idea of “practice” with something that a
teacher invited you to do according to their superior wisdom, which offered a
method which, if followed, gave you something valuable in return. We now
forsake forever this way of spiritual practice. To some extent it was useful in
the past, but is no longer appropriate for the new.

In the new being that you are, you do not practice a specific methodology to
obtain a specific goal. Now love is your practice, in all its extensions. In
this sense you begin to see joy as a spiritual practice, and also simplicity,
sweetness, and other treasures of the Kingdom.

It is one thing to do exercises of piety and spend hours, days, or years,
praying this or that prayer, or perfecting yourself in some technique or
philosophy. Another very different thing is to make your life the practice
itself.

Practice joy. This is the central statement of this session. If you understand
it well, you will recognize that in it lies the essence of the message of this
work, and my only eternal message. The joy of God is often lost sight of.

Too often people walk with frowns and tired faces, reflecting problems that
seem to have no solution. Day by day the minds of my beloved children remain
bombarded with vain things and so much negativity. Human life is often
submerged in a malaise of worries and seriousness that drains spiritual joy.
All of it is part of an old thought pattern.

Where there is no true joy, there is no God. Make this truth come alive in you
and reveal the depth, length, and breadth of its meaning. Life was given to you
to be happy in the love of God, not to transform it into an inferno of worries.

You can learn a lot by observing small children. They laugh, sing, cry, and
express themselves. Most of all, the natural attitude of my little ones is to
play.

Children play. Let this tell you something. Play is natural with them and
between them. They do not make plans or complex thoughts. All is wonder. Babies
play with their hands, let themselves be surprised, and can spend hours
looking at a beam of light. They are contemplatives par excellence. They laugh
while observing.

Children do not feel guilty for being what they are. They are spontaneous. They
do not have a mental language full of words that tire the mind. They do not
seek to please. They simply are what they are in every moment.

## II. The Child in You

Beloved child! That cheerful, pure, spontaneous baby that you were is still
alive in you. No matter how old you are, you cannot lose the inner child you
carry in your being.  My child, to express what we might call your spiritual
childhood will make that beautiful child inside become fully alive. It cannot
really die, but can be so suppressed that it seems no longer to exist in you.
All souls carry that child quality within them, because childhood is not a
matter of age but of spiritual energy. It is a gift of being. It is the
condition of the pure soul.

Remember, the mind is no longer in conflict with the heart. They are a unit.
Now the mind speaks and the heart dances because it recognizes in it the voice
of truth. In this symphony of love in which the mind and heart now live, both
dance to the beat of life as it truly is. No longer do they fight with each
other nor fight with other minds and hearts because in the fullness of being
they recognized that they are one and the same without ceasing to be different.

Now the one who thinks is the mind of Christ; the one who feels is the sacred
heart. Now the mind-heart unit is expressing itself from and in your humanity,
expressing everything you are according to the will of God. You are no longer
asleep in your Mother’s arms dreaming of exile. Now you are much more aware,
and you will be more so each day as you personify holiness.

Joy and holiness are indivisible. In truth to think of one without the other is
impossible. Recognizing the association between joy and holiness is important
because it will allow you to understand the direct relationship between
happiness and innocence.

Children evoke the purity and innocence of your being. This is why feelings of
tenderness arise when you look at them. You are also your inner child. Allow it
to be alive in you and you will stay in the Kingdom. Being a child is not a
matter of age but of soul.

I am speaking today of a new focus, a spiritual practice of the sanctity of the
heart. This practice allows a habit to be installed until we no longer need to
“think about what we are.”

Joy as a spiritual practice will also enable the practice of peace, harmony,
order, and beauty. One will take you to the other because they are part of the
same. All will lead you to live so automatically in truth and perfect love that
finally being who you are will be as natural to you as it is to breathe. This
is how it should always have been: life expressing what you are without having
to think about it. The natural expression of God’s love is to live in harmony
with the will of the Mother.

I am talking about exercising everything that comes from God, and choosing to
start with the practice of the joy of the heart because this specific approach
will keep you from getting lost in abstractions that you sometimes cannot
understand. Now the specific and the abstract, the human and the divine, come
together and live forever in perpetual union.

Let us begin, then, with the practice of joy. Do not forget that truth is
generalizable; therefore, everything that applies to some forms that love
adopts is true for any other aspect of that same love.

## III. Give Joy

The practice of joy begins with giving. It is essential to understand that
giving joy in every encounter that you have is the way that your happiness
expands in creation and in you. You know this because your being knows that
giving and receiving are one and the same. However, the part of the mind that
retains the old patterns, and remains a little active, attempts to block
understanding this truth. Remember, that part of the mind cannot understand
because it is formed by patterns of separation, not of union.

When you are told to give joy, the mind may resist, telling you that this is a
new duty and reject outright any attempt to be happy. Truly, you often do not
feel happy. And this is not about denying feelings of sadness or unrest, nor of
deceiving others by pretending to be as you are not. I am not talking about
trying to project a false image; that is what you have been doing for a long
time and no longer want to do. I do not advocate hypocrisy but to live in the
truth of what you really are, here, now, and always.

In order to transmit the true joy of your heart it is necessary to disconnect
it from every concept with which you have associated it. The world teaches a
kind of joy that has nothing to do with divine wisdom. True joy is the fruit of
God’s peace. It arises only in minds that have accepted their perfect
innocence. Only those who love themselves with perfect love can allow the
beauty their being to be expressed for what it is.

Lack of joy comes from guilt—not psychological guilt, as many call it, but
original guilt. It is the bitter aftertaste that remained in the pure soul from
when it conceived the idea of fear or guilt. Although this dark color with
which you impregnated a part of your soul was not necessarily in the original
plan of your Creator, it is there. We cannot deny it, nor is it necessary to do
so.

Everyone has experienced lack of joy. This experience has been very useful in
the old stage of learning, in which the Holy Spirit used contrast as a perfect
medium for learning and discernment. However, as has been remarked
repeatedly, that stage has ended. Let us remember that truth is reached by
means of direct revelation, not by means of effort or intellect.

Beloved brother, beloved sister, you do not know what true joy is. Everything
to which you have pledged is not real. Rejoice that you have not reached it
despite all your attempts. Now your mind and heart are open to a new
experience, an experience that comes from above, from where will sprout a peace
not of the world. When it arrives you will recognize it. Moreover, you will
realize that you already knew it and will say “Ah!” like a small sigh of the
soul that begins to remember God.

When the joy of God begins to be recognized for what it is, you begin to
remember the many times you lived in your holy home. When you knew you were
innocent, you spread the joy of God for having created his blessed child.

True joy comes from being the one you truly are. Such joy of being is a state
that can be attained. In order to live in that state it is essential to remain
aware of the holiness that you are. I tell you once again, soul in love with
Christ, that in truth, joy and holiness are the same. They go hand-in-hand, as
do truth and love.

Every state of unhappiness comes from the belief that you, or circumstances,
should be a certain way. The world taught you that belief. It is the same with
your anger at the fact that others are not as you want, life is not as you
want, and you are not as you want. Remember, denial leads to projection. When
you experienced that you were different from your pre-established ideal, you
became sad in the soul. A thought darkened your joy by telling you in the
silence of your holy mind, “I am not worthy.” 

All lack of joy ultimately comes from a misunderstanding: you feel the desire
to be happy, which, by definition, comes from a lack. Therefore, first you
perceive lack of happiness, then long for the opposite state and try to make it
real. To accomplish this, you define your unhappiness, what its opposite is,
and the conditions of your life necessary for happiness. You did not stop to
think about whether this makes sense or not.

## IV. Joy, the Fruit of Love

Being cheerful is part of the nature of being, as are wisdom and love. However,
this does not mean that nothing will make you averse. Do you think God does not
feel aversion? Yes, God does, otherwise your soul could not experience it.
Aversion is a spiritual energy with its origin in the holy being that Christ
is. How could a mother not protect her beloved child from what she would never
want for it?

Joy comes from being who you really are. There is no relationship between
what appears to be the outer world and the happiness of the soul.
Accordingly, the world cannot be the cause of the joy of the soul, just as it
cannot be the cause of anything in your being. Your being only feels
comfortable being fully itself, as God created it to be. Every time you feel
sadness it is because you somehow remembered or experienced non-being. Not
being is the misfortune of the soul.

Joy is associated with the harmony you experience when fully in truth, because
there is no other reality. When you fulfill the will of God, your true purpose
in creation, you cannot cease being happy since you are fulfilling your
mission. Lessons learned with joy are learned best; sorrow is a burden weighing
on the soul because it produces an instinctive rejection of the being from
which the soul is fed.

Since the ego is no longer present and will never return, you will experience
misery in a different way. Every time you feel the pang of pain it is asking
you to be it, to feel it, drop by drop. Honor her for what she is, a holy
messenger from Heaven who comes sweetly to remind you of your longing for
perpetual happiness. Remember that it is the ego that cannot digest joy and
that identification with the ego has passed.

You must understand, my beloved, that the patterns of the ego must first be
recognized and then abandoned. This is what transcendence means to you from now
on: it is the means by which you observe what you are experiencing within and
decide what to keep and what to release. Love knows perfectly what feels
comfortable and what does not. The heart knows the truth. Extending joy cannot
be something that involves effort.

It cannot cost you anything to be the one you really are. Thus giving joy is
the natural result of the release of guilt and does not require any kind of
action or effort. I am asking you to stop looking for happiness and to begin to
be happy because of the holiness that you are.

If you continue to respond on the basis of old thinking patterns, you will
continue to create ideas about how things should be, and define in advance how
you should be to be worthy.

This creates an ideal self that would bid you to go in search of it. This will
never work.

What will work is for you to live in the truth of who you really are and not in
illusion. Remind yourself as much as necessary that joy does not come from
anything outside of you, because there is nothing outside of you. Recognize
that if you are angry it is because in some way there is something that you do
not like. You will know what you have judged as undesirable. Once you recognize
what it is, then you can decide from love what to do or stop doing concerning
it. You will begin to let go of the fear of feeling unhappy. Then you will
begin to let go of the fear of fear. Joy is a union with holiness; unhappiness,
with fear. If we make this connection we can see more clearly how things work.

Joy is the fruit of love; unhappiness the result of fear.

All fear has its origin in the fear of not being. Thus the opposite of joy
arises from a fear of not being who you are. This is as true as the fact that
the sun shines and blesses you with its light. Lack of joy is lack of love. A
being cannot inhabit a place where there is no love.

We are understanding spiritual practices in a new way. We are inviting you to
make truth so habitual that it finally becomes natural, something that you no
longer need to think about, just as children do not think about what they are
or how they should be. They just are what they are. They do not judge. They do
not examine.

Joy is the fruit of love. Therefore recognize where sweetness dwells. By their
fruits you will know them, as I said a while ago. I repeat it again. Where love
is, there is the joy of being because being and love are one and the same.
Christ is the joy of your being because that is the joy of the Mother. You who
are Her beloved child cannot be anything other than the joy of God because
Christ and your being are in an eternal union. They are the only reality.

I exhort you with pure love to go into the world telling happy stories,
awakening true joy in the hearts of others, in the many ways you know how.
There are plenty of reasons to praise and bless. There are many reasons to be
happy, because Christ has come. Christ is here. And where He is, there always
is love.

