---
ref: "17"
title: "The Power of Silence"
subtitle: "A message from Jesus, identifying himself as 'the living Christ who lives in you'"
---

## I. The Return to the World

As you traverse the plains, after having “descended” from the top of the
mountain, you will experience new things. It is important that you be aware of
some of them. In reality you already know them, because for a long time the
spirit of wisdom has taken you to the mountaintop and spoken to your heart, and
in those dialogues of love, you became aware of the being that you truly are.

You were raptured, literally enraptured in spirit and truth. You were taken to
the peaks of Heaven and from there you saw panoramas of the universe, including
those of the world of time and space from God’s perspective. This is not a
metaphorical expression. It is the truth about the path of your soul, and of
all souls who have come this far. Dear one, the rapture of the soul exists.

You knew that the return to the plain would not be easy. Once you have tasted
the sweetness of God’s love, tasted the honey of your wisdom, and vividly
experienced the tenderness of your unwavering peace, who would want to return
to a world in which the light of truth does not shine, nor does it rest in the
arms of love? And yet, we went down to the plain. We descended once more to the
world. For what?

If you do not know the purpose of your return to the life of the world after
having had the experience of the Kingdom, the path becomes rough. But if you
adhere to your purpose, you will begin to live with much more serenity and
ease.

There is a feeling that we must come to the light and unite with it. That
feeling is related to the return from the mountaintop. That is what we will
speak of in this session of love and truth.

Once you have found yourself, you will never want to stop living in union with
the living Christ that you are. You have found the pearl of great price, the
hidden treasure. You have found yourself, joined your being. Now you are the
realized one. You are the one who has found. You are the enlightened one. In
short, you are.

This feeling is the aftertaste of the transcendence of mundane things, arising
from the value you have found in the eternal. The world stops having intrinsic
value to those who know Heaven. No one who has left the world and returned to
God’s Heaven has the slightest intention of returning to the experience of
human life. The life of opposites had no meaning to those who know a reality
that has no opposite.

So what is the point of returning to the world? Why did I return after my forty
days and forty nights in the desert? For the same reason you did. Remember, you
and I travel the same path.

Because I knew that you would find certain parts of the path difficult, I gave
you my gospels. They reveal a lot about the challenges I had to face in my
public ministry: conflicts, diatribes, invasive behaviors, anxieties of all
kinds, not to mention the anger that was almost always present.

## II. Extended Consciousness

Truly, not a single day in my public life was free of difficulty. Observing
this led me to say: “Do not worry about what you will eat tomorrow or how you
will dress. Each day has its sorrows and joys.”

This is true not only for those who have returned from the top of the mountain,
but for all. Yet for those who savored the sweetness of beautiful love, it is
experienced in a different way.

It is not that the world rises up against you because you have returned; it is
that now your degree of consciousness does not allow you to ignore the
slightest strand of truth. You do not deny anything anymore. You live in the
reality of what you are. You embrace each feeling for what it is. You do not
try to give a false name to a feeling or try to reject what you clearly
feel—whether joy, pain, anger, enthusiasm, discouragement, hope, vitality,
depression. In short, the color palette of emotions unfolds in all its
expressions.

My beloveds! For what else would you be enraptured and taken to Heaven, where
we love and speak in the deepest intimacy of our being, but that we can begin
to walk the path of the heart together?

I did not touch your heart “just because.” You gave it to me. And I made it one
with mine. Now we are one holy heart, a single true being. When I put my finger
on the center of your being, your soul was ecstatic. Your mind was submerged in
the reality of love in an indivisible union with your heart. You became one in
yourself and one with me. From the integrity of all that you are, you joined my
divinity. This is how the new being that you are was born.

The path of the heart, which is the one that all those who receive these words
are called to travel, does not simply ask you to accept everything that you
experience within yourself and embrace it in your consciousness. It is a path
that leads you to walk in truth. It is a path of deep honesty with yourself,
and consequently with others, with the world, and with God.

Honesty is essential to your being because you cannot live in any reality other
than the truth. Deceiving, denying, and evading were mental and emotional
mechanisms of the ego. Those patterns are what the path of the heart dismantles
and deprograms.

You have returned to the plain of the world with your heart wide open. This has
made you much more sensitive than before. When you opened your heart, love came
to dwell in you.  With a sensitive heart, we must now walk through a world
about which we previously were discouraged. With a mind imbued with wisdom not
of the world, we must tread where we previously perceived ignorance. We know
that this world cannot give what only God can give.

## III. The Mundane and the Spiritual

Why travel the path of the heart in this world? Why were you not taken instead
to other dimensions where there is the beauty, harmony, peace, and happiness
that your heart longed for? How long before we are finally together in our
Heaven?

These questions remain in the depths of a mind attached to a heart when it
returns from the mountain of God down to the plains of human experience. These
questions denote a tension between the mundane and the celestial, between the
human and the divine.

We begin by accepting that tension. Observe your body and soul, and you may
feel that tension. It may even be so strong that you develop physical
illnesses. This is no longer the tension of the past, between the ego and God.
It is the tension between living in the world and being of it and living in the
world and not being of it, and the possibility of completely abandoning mundane
reality to live definitively in the Kingdom of Heaven where you know you dwell
eternally.

These tensions will pass. They are the manifestation of the feelings of
rejection that your being naturally develops to everything that does not come
from the eternal reality of love. You would like to flee to the mountain and
disconnect from the world. You would like to seclude yourself so that nothing
distracts you from our direct relationship. In short, we have called this
feeling the desire to get out of life.

The path of the heart is one of deep honesty. Henceforth you must accept that
life is now your teacher in a new way: Now, for you, life is God. Now you
realize that when I said I was life, I was not speaking metaphorically. What
does this mean? It means that every event of your life on this path of the
heart is the perfect means that your Mother uses to transform you, more and
more, into what She and only She has for you. Now life itself is the great
teacher, the shaper, not of your personality, but of you. I shall clarify.

Experience is perception because it is its cause. Cause and effect are one. You
might argue that it makes no sense to live a life that molds you if your being
is immutable and you do not need to be molded into the real you. You might also
say in truth, although in part, that perception is not necessary in Heaven, for
there one enjoys perfect knowledge. All of this is true. But it is also true
that it is necessary to deprogram perception to the point where holy perception
leads to the recognition that no perception is necessary. Simply put,
collective and individual thought patterns and emotional responses must be
dismantled.

Your mind and your heart are united with the collective mind and heart. For
this reason it is always necessary to return to the plain. I told this to my
beloved apostles on Mount Tabor. The life you experience is the perfect medium
for memories out of harmony with God to be erased, reprogrammed, and emptied of
everything untrue. In this way you receive the memory of God. We could say that
the events of life on the plain are the perfect means for you to forget the
world and remember God.

I said that the way of the heart consists of walking in truth. In this sense it
is the path of humility. It is a way in which you do not seek to modify
anything—not the world, not the events that come to you, not the people, not
yourself. We only seek to gather everything that arises in our interior. We
accept that God knows what the events, things, and characters are that must act
together so that this process of memory healing occurs.

## IV. Perfect Love Consciousness

Just as God Herself took us from the state of spiritual amnesia to the state of
Christ Consciousness in which we now live, She will also take us to the state
of the fullness of being or the consciousness of perfect love.

The world is now the perfect medium for the chrysalis to become a butterfly and
for it to know how to fly.

In this path of the heart it is essential to accept everything you feel, think,
or experience inside without trying to label it, name it, or decide anything
about it. This path is not about doing but about feeling. Feeling is the key
word. Remember that the fear of feeling is basic. It is present in all fears
because ultimately fear is a denial of being and you deny your being by not
feeling what your being feels.

In the way of the heart, when you feel anger, you say to yourself: “I feel
anger. I do not like how I feel, but it is what I feel. I allow myself to feel
every drop of anger that has come to me. I will not do anything with it except
to feel it in all its breadth and width.” If what emerges is joy, we accept joy
and feel it. We do not try to label it, nor say that it is better than other
emotions. We just feel every drop of joy as we did with anger, or as we do with
the deepest sadness or the greatest pleasure.

The key is to feel. Why? Because it is through your emotions and feelings that
the process of transformation is taking place and means to complete it.
Remember that in feelings as well as in thoughts is life. Remember also that we
no longer make a separation between thinking and feeling, but take them as a
unit. Both are aspects of a single reality, the reality of your soul.

When we emphasize feeling, we do not do so to put aside what you think. We do
it because the fear of feeling has been much greater than the fear of thinking,
although both exist within the palette of fears you have experienced.

The fear of insanity can be as intense as the fear of losing control of your
emotions. This must not be forgotten. Both fears are unfounded. However, merely
by saying that these fears are illusory does not accomplish much. You need to
experience this truth. You need to experience how, when certain thoughts or
emotions arise that you previously denied out of fear, they have no real effect
on you. Life now will bring you situations to dismantle your fears. And you
will see that it works.

An essential aspect of this path through the plain, which you walk with your
heart in your hand, is to become an inseparable friend of silence. You will
experience its transforming and miraculous power.

Before, when you experienced something you did not like, you reacted more or
less with anger. You manifested that anger either outwardly or inwardly. You
will no longer do so. Now you will simply remain with silent feeling. At the
outset you may feel as if you are standing in front of the cross as I am being
crucified. Maybe you can withstand this mystical experience, or maybe you
cannot. It does not matter. What matters is that you keep every drop of feeling
and thought in the silence of your heart.

## V. Divine Silence

We now speak of the power of silence and its importance to you. In silence
everything becomes one with God. In silence is where metanoia happens, the coal
becomes a diamond. Silence is the divine matrix in which everything is born.
Silence is an aspect of divine nothingness.

In the stillness everything is born. Therefore if you take your emotions into
the silence of your heart and allow them to be as they are, you will see them
being born, growing, and then disappearing. They are like waves in water,
like a musical note that is born out of silence and then vanishes.

If you exercise the power of silence you will see, little by little, that all
power returns to you. Many times the external expression of emotions is but the
desire to dissipate their energy. Now we no longer do that, but we let any
energy that appears in our soul be as it is. We do not think anything about it,
whether an emotion, a feeling, or a thought. We do not identify with anything.

In every feeling, emotion, or thought that arises inside you is a message of
love, as well as in every event of your life. The circumstances of your daily
life help you elicit the emotions, thoughts, and feelings that you experience.

The messages that events bring cannot be understood in words nor put into
thoughts. Their language is not the language of the thinking mind.

The message of feelings, emotions, and thoughts is in the energy of each. Some
bring the energy of fear, others of love. What they bring can only be
appreciated if you allow each one to be integrated into your consciousness as
it is. But you must feel them. And you cannot feel them in their fullness if
you are not silent, focusing your gaze on your soul, and allowing everything
to be felt.

This is not about trying to understand, but about allowing everything to come
to you without resistance—no matter if what comes is the strength of an anger
that you feel to be devastating, or a disgust that makes your stomach turn,
or a calm and peaceful feeling.

Practice the power of silence. Allow yourself to feel everything you feel and
to experience everything that you experience without doing anything about it
except to feel and absorb every drop of its energy. If you do this, you will be
lord of a spiritual practice as powerful as any other, the power of metanoia.
In addition, with this practice you intertwine the path of the heart with the
path of transformation and that of knowledge. The union of these three paths is
what we call the path of the wisdom of the heart. Through the power of silence
you perform miracles for yourself and others. In peace you create a new Heaven
and a new Earth. By remaining in the silence of your heart you are the perfect
expression of the power of love.

