---
ref: "5"
title: "The Abode of Knowledge"
subtitle: "A message from the Voice of Christ through a Choir of Angels, in the presence of Archangel Raphael and Archangel Gabriel"
---

## I. The History of Humanity

Beloved brothers and sisters, with gratitude we make an appearance in your
life, and in that of humanity, to continue extending the wisdom of love.

With this opportunity, we wish to have you understand in a simple way what life
is about. We do not propose to reconfigure your life by way of a new mental
scheme. You already know that truth is not accessed through the thinking mind
but through revelation, which comes from the union of love and reason in the
fullness of self.

We speak of a state of fullness not from the perspective of a passing
well-being or an elusive joy, but from uncreated truth. Long ago you realized
that something seemed to have gone wrong in creation. You searched for an
answer but could not find it. That something is what we will discuss here, so
that you definitely restore in your memory the truth that replaces illusion.

The history of humanity can be summarized simply: it is humanity’s search for
its true identity. It is a drama of conflict and argument, as if it were the
script of a play. Without conflict there would be no human history as you know
it. It is notorious that despite centuries and millennia, the conflict is not
resolved.

Every story should have an end if it has any meaning, that is, if it is going
somewhere. But this story does not seem to be going anywhere. New characters
enter and exit and relive the same drama again and again, merely with a change
of sets and actors. Conflict never seems to end.

Who created this story? Why is it repeating endlessly? What is it all about? It
is about knowledge.

As you now know, being and knowing are the same. Self cannot be without
knowledge. Similarly, knowledge cannot exist without a self, because it must
know an “I” or a “you.”

The expression “the self, in search of its own identity” reflects the desperate
struggle of self to find or know itself, which is the only real need of self.
All other needs that you have felt or perceived have no reason to be. The only
thing you need know is yourself. Knowing yourself is the reason for life, an
inherent need. If you do not know yourself you perceive yourself as nothing.

## II. Know Yourself

You can do many things in the world without knowing yourself. Some of them can
even be very noble. However, if you do not know yourself, you will not be full
because acting in ignorance of your true self is as alien to what you are as
snow in summer.

Beloved brothers and sisters, until you fully know yourself your heart will not
rest in peace, nor will anyone else’s. This is not a punishment from God for
having eaten the forbidden fruit, but a matter of reality. This self is
knowledge of oneself. How could it extend itself of its own accord without
knowing what it is?

Ignorance of self necessarily inhibits extension, and therefore proper
expression. It becomes contractive.

It could be argued that simply expressing yourself in the world, if that be the
only inherent need, is the right path. That would be true if the path is the
right one, be it in the world or not. But this is not a matter of being in the
world or not. It is a matter of where you decide to find yourself. If you look
for yourself in love, you will find yourself. Look anywhere else and you will
never find yourself.

To access true knowledge of your self and thus end all madness, you must go to
knowledge in the right way, which is through love. There is no other way. This
simply is. This is why Jesus said, “I am the way, the truth and the life,”
meaning that Jesus is the way to knowledge—the correct way.

Replace “I am” or the name “Jesus” with the word “Love” and you will
understand. “Love is the way, the truth and the life.”

Can you begin to see that love is the only path to knowledge? Only love is
wisdom because wisdom and love are the same.

## III. Find Yourself in Love

The fundamental question is: where will you decide to find yourself? Although
you have been told not to search, that you have already found, this needs
further explanation.

When you reach the point of recognition that it is no longer necessary to
search—that you will arrive through revelation— this usually follows the
fatigue of having long searched and not found. You have looked, missed, gotten
tired, and not found in countless cycles, until finally something inside
glimpses the issue. You begin to see that the problem lies in not knowing what
it is you seek, much less where it should be. How could you not get tired of a
circular quest that never makes sense?

Fortunately you are not alone. You never were and never will be. The source of
wisdom has placed the eternal truth in your holy mind from the very moment of
your creation.

You have been given the voice that comes from knowledge. She shows you the way
and reveals the truth. This is why, in due time, spirit increasingly spurs the
soul toward the true question—the meaning of life, the only and final question.
Regardless of how you arrive at it, everything has contributed to reaching a
point of perfect discernment.

The paradox of the search for knowledge, the search for the meaning of life, is
that when you do not know what you are, you have no idea what to look for, and
therefore you cannot find; but once you grasp through revelation that you are
love and nothing but love, you also realize that love cannot be sought. Love
simply is. We will now elucidate this paradox.

The first step is to realize what you are. This means to accept
unconditionally, with all your soul, your heart, and your will, that you are
love and nothing but love; that is, you are the face of holiness, just as, in
truth, everything is.

The second step is to recognize that if you are love, you cannot look for
yourself. Once again, love cannot be sought. Accepting this may at first be
difficult for those who have spent their whole lives searching without finding,
which is everyone.

The difficulty of accepting that love cannot be found lies in your attachment
to the search itself, and to a mistaken understanding about the treasure of
your self. You have found the hidden treasure. The lost drachma has been found.
There is no doubt about this. You have found your true self and with it the
meaning of your existence.

What a joy to recognize this! The time of restlessness, the time of living a
meaningless life, the time of darkness, is far behind! What a joy to be
certain! What joy the soul feels living forever in the light! Now you know for
sure the reason for your life.

Yet although you have found your self, you think that you have found it through
your own effort. That thought breeds the fear of losing what you have found.
You say to yourself, “If I lost you once, how can I be certain never to lose
you again?” You have not accepted the fact that what you are was revealed to
you, not found by you. You did not create yourself.

This is the great revelation: There is nothing to be found because nothing real
can be sought. Only love is real, therefore you cannot find it. God does not
hide. Your true identity never disappears or gets lost. We have already said
that love cannot be sought. If this is true, and I assure you that it is, then
it must also be true that it cannot be found. Love is never absent. Love is
neither lost nor found.

Beloved sister! Beloved brother! Purest soul! You did not find love of your
efforts; love found you. Christ came to meet you and found you. Out of fear of
the power of the Creator, in your singular consciousness, you hid behind the
bushes of Eden for fear of what you thought you had done.

You were afraid of your creation and you projected that fear onto your Creator,
instead of humbly recognizing that what you created without love was neither
beautiful, holy, nor perfect. You forgot to stay still, together with love. Had
you done that in the first place there would have been no pain or suffering.
You would not have separated. There is no need to separate yourself from love,
regardless of what you believe you have done or will do. Love goes wherever you
go.

Can you now connect the dots and realize that love never hid or went anywhere?
Can you remember vividly that God does not move?

Knowledge resides in love. This means that knowledge is not concerned with
singular consciousness, since it has no degrees. There cannot be degrees of
knowledge or degrees of love.

Either you know yourself or you do not. Therefore beyond the conscious mind,
beyond all that the mind can understand and classify, is where knowledge
resides. You know that door very well and where it leads you.

## IV. The Portal of Knowledge

Now we allow true knowledge, a portal to light, to activate in the memory.

Oh, daughters and sons of love! Our whole self trembles with awe and
veneration at the point we have reached. We are here, standing together,
holding hands, clothed in the resplendent garments of resurrection. We have
emerged from the waters of sanctity.

We stand in front of the doors of wisdom, the portal of truth. Oh sacred
mystery of love! Holy wisdom! You are the source of life and love. You are the
delight of angels, due the admiration of men and women who seek the truth and
the joy of God.

Everything you do, both as humanity and as individuals, is but a way of seeking
to know yourself. Observe the force that impels you to “reach your maximum
potential.” Humans seek to reach that maximum even when they know not what it
is. Nevertheless this impulse is proper, since reaching and sustaining
maximum potential is by definition the fullness of self.

Let’s connect these points. Knowledge is wisdom. As we have already seen, it
only resides in love because it emanates from God Himself and God is love and
nothing but love. We have also seen how strongly the self is compelled to know
itself. We know that being and knowing are one and the same in truth.

Thus we discover that everything, absolutely everything, of what you call life
is an expression of what you are in order to know yourself. How does knowing
this contribute to your fulfillment? It helps when you begin to tread a fully
conscious path about what your life means. To live consciously every moment of
your life is to live in fullness. Unconsciousness is the absence of fullness.

You might argue that you were told that you attain fullness of your self by
giving yourself, not that you attained it by knowing yourself as God knows you.
That is true, but you have also been told that you cannot give what you have
not received or recognized.

If you do not recognize the true self that you are, and do not consciously
decide by deliberate will to live in harmony with that God-given self, then
what do you have to give? Nothing. You would be like a rich woman with her
treasures hidden away in a barn. How would her wealth serve her? How could it
add to her fullness? Or would it cause her the slavery of having to protect its
hiding place and guarding against anybody finding it, lest they ask her to
share it?

## V. The Dwelling of the Living

Now we reveal a great trick of the mind which keeps many trapped in a game from
which few escape. Listen carefully and lift the veil of illusion.

The reason why humans seeks themselves is not because they want to find truth.
If that were the case, it would long since have been found and the story would
be over.

Behind the search for self is the thinking mind’s hidden desire never to find
truth. This is because truth cannot be discovered by effort of any kind, nor
by any mechanism of the thinking mind. The mind refuses to accept this.

The part of the mind that thinks it learns by its own effort is the part that
causes this madness. Even though you have transcended the mind, there are
still remnants of memory of the taste that learning provided.

The idea of reaching the truth for yourself and by yourself, the very idea of
achievement by your own means is held secretly. Yet because there cannot be
partial knowledge, knowledge must reside in wholeness. Thus there is no other
option than to get to know yourself in relation to your sisters and brothers
and in relation to everything created, including the Creator. And this is what
the thinking mind wishes not to accept.

You have been told to stop searching. This is because if you continue with any
active search mechanism through mental efforts, you will continue to wander the
world under a cloud of amnesia rather than awake from the dream of Adam.

Beloved sons and daughters, let not the mind deceive you. Truth cannot be
sought or achieved. Truth makes an appearance in those minds that have
emptied themselves enough to allow truth to dwell there, just as love dwells in
receptive hearts.

What joy it is when effort has ceased, when there is no need to tire yourself
looking for what from all eternity was closer than your own breath. How
benevolent is the creative Mother, who has given Her children air to breathe
without effort. What a joy it is to reach this point when we joyfully accept
the eternal gratuity of love.

Now we hear the soul in love say to his beloved: 

*My beloved, source of my self!*

*One day I hid my face so you would not find me. I was afraid you would see the
ugliness I had become. I was ashamed of myself. I did not want your beauty to
be contaminated by the opprobrium into which I had been transformed. Your sweet
innocent look was for me like a spear stuck in the soul. I could not hold my
gaze looking into your eyes.*

*Oh sweetness of my beloved’s face!*

*Remembering you hurt my heart. The very thought of having you by my side shook
my whole self. My life was fought between the longing for love and the desire
to forget so as not to suffer your absence any more.*

*Oh beloved of my soul!*

*One day I hid my face so you would not find me.*

*But you went out to find me. You searched for me everywhere.
You crossed mountains and deserts, seas and plains. You did not care about your
royalty, or my disfigurement, or that which tainted my peace. You looked for me
and found me. And because you found me, I will live eternally in the abode of
the living.*

*Because you found me I became one with your beauty. Your beauty became mine.
The light of your wisdom flooded my mind, at the same time that your love
absorbed my heart, embracing all of me, until I merged with you.*

*Oh, joy of reunion with my beloved! Grace of my God! Oh unfathomable mystery
of love! How beautiful is your face. What a joy it is to dwell with you in the
eternal abode of the living.*

