---
ref: "11"
title: "Receptivity"
subtitle: "A message from the Voice of Christ through a Choir of Angels, in the presence of Archangel Raphael and Archangel Gabriel"
---

## I. Prelude

Sons and daughters of the light! Beloveds of pure love! Here we are, gathered
in the presence of the love that you are, happily singing a song of praise and
gratitude to God for having created you. When we see you, we see God. When
contemplating you, we contemplate holiness. When we love you, we extend the
love that God is. By sharing, we are as God created us because we were created
to give ourselves. We thank you who receive these words for allowing us to
express our fullness of being. We know, because we live in the truth, that our
fullness is achieved by giving ourselves, and that giving and receiving are one
and the same. Therefore we repeat once again our gratitude to you who receive
our giving.

The one who receives love grows greatly because of the widening of love when
given and received. The more love received, the more love given. Love always
seeks to give itself and at the same time to be accepted, or the giving would
be incomplete. The same happens with the self, because they both are one.
Giving is a Grace and a reality of every self. Everything that exists seeks to
give itself, express itself, manifest itself, to become known in order to know
itself.

Your receptivity allows our pure love to spread and for us to live in the
fullness of love. At the same time it makes your heart grow larger and receive
and give more and more love. The eternal flow of love that creates new love,
given and received, is literally the flow of life. Brother, sister, life is
obstructed if you do not receive it and give it. The giving of which we speak
is not what you have experienced so far; it’s unlike the old way you consid-
ered as giving.

“Giving to lose” is nonsense in the Kingdom of Heaven— inconceivable. There are
no losses, no possibility of diminution of any kind in the Kingdom. A being
cannot be either less or more. The reality of the Kingdom is pure, unlimited
extension. Extending does not mean being more, but it does mean growth.

We talk about receiving to be able to live in truth. Only those who are willing
to receive God, that is, receive love that is true, can consciously extend the
Kingdom, because the Kingdom is God, Christ is Heaven. In this session we speak
of receiving the wisdom of Heaven, how to find its source and hold in your mind
the beauty of its light forever.

The way to live in wisdom is through full acceptance of it. This is achieved by
your willingness to abandon ignorance. Observe how on repeated occasions we
speak of “abandoning.” This is because the focus of this work is to return you
to the power of your will, through which you can make decisions in harmony with
Divine Truth.

You are God in God—created by God to be like God, literally in God. Your
sincere desire to live in the truth will always enjoy divine approval and with
it the power of the miracles and the strength of the love of the Creator. All
Heaven bows to you every time you abandon what is not true in favor of what is.
You were not created for ignorance. You will never feel comfortable in it.
Wisdom is the reality of your being. You are wise because of what you are.

You are not being asked to be a scholar. You are asked to open your mind and
heart to receive in every moment, consciously, the wisdom of Heaven and allow
it to be the source of your knowledge and activity.

## II. Trust in the Heart

Accepting the wisdom of God that resides in you, as in each of your sisters and
brothers, is an act of respect for truth. It is also an acknowledgment of your
true self, the Christ in you. In order to accept wisdom, which is the same as
abandoning ignorance, it is necessary that you respect more and more what your
mind elaborates and your heart weaves. The wisdom of the heart united with the
wisdom of reason is the force that has given existence to creation.

God knows for what She created you. She made no mistake. You have not been
wrong when you have decided to act, or not to act, from the fullness of the
heart. You know perfectly well what makes you happy and what does not. You know
very well, without a doubt, what things you long for and what you do not. You
know what you like and what you do not. In short, you know.

To trust in what you know from your heart is to trust in yourself and in God
who expresses Herself through you. Notice how we have now joined the
abandonment of ignorance with the acceptance of wisdom and trust. This is
because there is a direct relationship between a lack of self confidence and a
lack of trust in God, life, and everything. And there is also a relationship
between lack of trust and the acceptance of ignorance as a possible state.

Not trusting that your being knows what you really are and that it acts to lead
you on the path of eternal light was a consequence of ignorance. That is why
we have said that ignorance is fear and fear is ignorance. They are one and the
same.

Ignorance is a mechanism to hide love and truth from you. Being ignorant seems
to exempt you from responsibility for your life. The ego created ignorance as
an expression of what it is, and would like the mind take refuge in it. If you
do not know anything, you cannot be responsible for anything and therefore do
not deserve punishment. Can you begin to see the relationship between guilt
and ignorance?

Recognize that ignorance is guilt. It is an immature mechanism forged by the
ego to excuse you from its madness. We also accept that wisdom is the safe
dwelling place where we live in the presence of love. Knowing before acting or
stopping to act is wise, as is knowing before thinking or expressing an idea or
feeling.

We have discovered with happy amazement and serenity where wisdom resides, but
how does the habit of being wise develop? This also concerns the healing of
memory, since remembering where the sweetness of true knowledge dwells and how
to hold its light is what returns you to the state of security you have
always sought.

All fear comes ultimately from ignorance of your true self. Remember before
moving on that those who did not know what they are did not know what they were
doing or what they wanted. They knew nothing, not because the wisdom of Heaven
did not live in them, but because guilt had denied access.

Sisters and brothers in Christ, we have arrived at a very high place. We are
here united in truth—here, in this moment of holiness in which the flow of
truth and love move freely at a rhythm of pure celestial harmony. We are now in
the abode of wisdom, that place of your soul in which the knowledge of Heaven
shines in all its beauty.

## III. Your Wisdom

The seeds of Christ’s knowledge were planted in the Eden of your being from the
very moment of your creation. Now the time has come when the tree of wisdom
begins to bear fruit.

As you know, you first water a seed, fertilize the earth, and wait for the rain
and the sun to do the rest in union with life, so that finally the majestic
tree emerges. But you still have to wait a while for it to bear fruit. Waiting
is part of both the physical and spiritual laws of nature.

There is a time for everything, although this truth is not necessarily subject
to physical time. Wisdom is not limited by time although it manifests itself in
time. In each stage of life, in each stage of the transformation of humanity,
there is wisdom as required by that phase. A child has as much wisdom as an
adult. People of old had as much wisdom as those of today. All are possessors
of wisdom. Life is wise.

Trusting yourself is what will allow the wisdom of your being to manifest. You
have spent much time immersed in a lack of self-confidence, so learning to do
this is necessary. But remember, lack of confidence, which plunged you into
despair, sadness, and discouragement, has been left behind. You are not what
you were yesterday. You are new and being reborn every day. You are the
resurrection and the life. Therefore you need not be guided by memories of what
no longer exists. You are wise in your way—wisdom, like love, is expressed in
each being in a unique way.

You do not have to be guided by how wisdom is expressed in others. You may
notice your sister or brother speaks or lives from their wisdom, but that does
not mean that you should blindly follow. Doing so may be proper for children
who have not yet developed the proper sense of inner guidance. Yet even a
newborn child has wisdom. That wisdom of life is what makes her call to her
mother when she needs her and also makes her calm down when in the arms of the
one who gave her life.

Does it make sense to believe in a God who is pure infinite love and also
believe that wisdom is in some and not in others? Would not this be an act of
divine injustice? You know that the answer to the first question is “no” and
the second is “yes” because the wisdom of God resides in you. You may call it
intuition or indefinable certainty, but it is wisdom.

What is it that keeps you reading this work? What is it that makes you, despite
everything, as humanity and as an individual, continue to believe that there
is something beyond the obvious that the eyes see? Wisdom.

Remember that we have said that Christ is love and that you no longer live, but
that Christ lives in you. Remember also that we said that wisdom and love are
one and the same as are ignorance and fear. If we connect the dots we arrive
at the obvious truth. Christ is wisdom. Christ is love. Christ is Heaven.
Christ is the Son of God in whom everything was created and by whom the Mother
creates eternally.

To hold the consciousness of the living Christ who lives in you is to live in
the presence of love and wisdom. This is true receptivity.

Take in your mind and your heart the words that follow and you will live in the
abode of wisdom, which is there where the soul lives, embraced by the sweetness
of love.

*“I am the living expression of wisdom. In it I was born, I exist and I live. I
am love. Holy wisdom is the source of my knowledge and action. I am the light
that illuminates. I am Christ.”*

