---
ref: "21"
title: "The Power of God in You"
subtitle: "A message from Jesus, identifying himself as 'the living Christ who lives in you'"
---

## I. Being and Power

Holy ones, perfect expressions of God’s love! Today I have come to dwell with
you who are the presence of love and perfect unity. I come from where the light
of truth dwells, a place that is not a place and yet exists, eternally created
by the Mother, where only the tenderness of love dwells.

I am one with you here where the truth shines in all its glory. This dimension
of existence in which we dwell in unity with God and with your true self is
your link with unity.

I am here in response to your call and because of the will of the Creator. I
come to reveal even more of the mysteries of Heaven. What a joy it is to
discover holy truth. What a joy it is to dwell in your heart and for you to
live in mine. I am one and many at the same time. I am everything.

In this session we will speak of power. Every creation of God is clothed in
power. There is no impotence, no unconsciousness, and no ignorance. No
absence exists with God. God is perfect plenitude.

Feeling powerless has caused you to live submerged in fear. As an individual
and as a species, the impotence of the forces of your life has scared you as
you tried to survive.

Holy creatures, that is not true life. Living is fullness. The fearful cannot
be full because fear prevents the expression of love, and only through love can
the fullness of your being be reached. Please listen well now: In you lies the
power of God.

Do you not feel helpless? Regardless of whether you would answer “yes” or “no,”
please follow me in this session because true power is unknown in the world.

Because everything that belongs to God belongs to you, there must be a way for
you to reach it. Where does real power reside? How do you get and hold on to
it? And why? How do you access your inheritance—the treasures of the Kingdom?

I speak here of how to claim what rightfully belongs to you, your divine
inheritance bestowed upon you from the very moment of your creation.

The power of God is the power of love. It exists in the mind and Heart of God,
remembering that we no longer distinguish between mind and heart, thought and
feeling, since both are the same, an undivided unit, although expressed
differently.

## II. The Heart of God

God created you in perfect holiness and beauty. She is Creator of all that is
true—a being whose intelligence surpasses all human understanding, whose
wisdom surpasses all measure, an eternal Father whose authority is beyond the
imagination, a divine Mother whose sweetness exceeds the tenderness of all the
mothers of the Earth.

God’s mind has only thoughts of pure love through which She creates. God also
has a heart, the source from which love springs. Her heart is an infinite
universe from which everything emerges in perfect peace and holiness. The
Sacred Heart of God is an eternal fire of creation without end. It is a
creative nucleus of infinite power.

Once again I ask you to extend your imagination far beyond its usual limits.
Imagine the most Sacred Heart of the Mother as a sphere of diamond light in
whose center burns an eternal fire.

Begin to see with the eyes of spirit how that sphere enlarges more and more
until it covers the entire universe. It grows so much that you can no longer
distinguish its outline. It is a circle of light with neither beginning nor
end. It is the eternal circle of the life of God. Observe how the circle
rotates incessantly in an endless rhythmic movement. The fire that burns inside
the Heart of God grows, and grows, and grows. It is the fire of the creative
passion of the Creator, a fire to which nothing and nobody can get too close.
The fire you see is the divine essence. It is the being from which everything
arose. It is the burning fire of God’s love.

The power that resides in the Heart of God is the only real power. It is a
power capable of creating with infinite intelligence the multiple dimensions of
creation. Remember that existence is not of a single dimension. The dimension
of time and space is only one of the infinite realities created and yet to be
created.

What we have called the condensation of fearful consciousness, which is what
the ego is, is that somehow you made the deliberate decision to disconnect
yourself from the power of God. You wanted to be separate.

To move away from love and truth is to distance oneself from God. We already
know this clearly. The rest follows. If you separate yourself from love, you
separate yourself from the Divine Mind and the Sacred Heart. By doing that, you
renounce the power of God in you. Obviously that power is not absent from your
mind or heart, but it is reduced to a minimal expression.

On the physical plane you have been using a small fraction of your true mind, a
minimum of your mental abilities, such as, to put it in simple terms, ten
percent of your abilities.

You are clothed with an immeasurably greater power than you can imagine. Not
only can you fly, literally speaking, you can be in more than one place at a
time, as well as see all past, present, and future time. You can create
dimensions of existence in union with God.

The power that comes from God, as well as everything that emerges from Her,
resides in your being. It cannot be anywhere else. As I have said, do not look
for happiness, but be happy. In the same way I must now say: do not seek the
power of God, but be that power. This means that you become one with Her.

You cannot create the power of God, but you can remain attached to it, just as
you can remain attached to love.

Your mind is an extension of the Divine Mind, just as your heart is an
extension of the Sacred Heart. If you were not connected with the mind of God
you could not think. You literally think with the mind of God or not at all.

If life is thought and you are life, can you then stop thinking? No, you cannot
stop thinking, because you would cease to exist. But you can become unaware of
the thoughts that God thinks of you. You can block the expression of love
through you. In other words, you are free to allow love to be accepted by you
and to flow through you.

## III. Power and Love

Let us return now to the vision of the diamond sphere with an immense blazing
fire within it. This vision is a representation of the power of God, which is
the power of love. We cannot speak of power without speaking of love because
only love is powerful.

Does it not make sense that God has put power and love together as an
inseparable unit? What would happen if the power of God could be used for
something other than perfect love?

Ultimately, all fear originates in the fear of the power of God. Fearing God is
something that the fearful know very well. We have already spoken of this.

What we are doing now is reconnecting you with your true power. For this, it is
necessary that you first recognize it, for what you do not accept with your
mind and heart cannot serve what you really are.

Power can be active or potential. It can be manifested or not manifested. The
same occurs with love. All power resides in love, therefore in your being.

You are powerful. You have the power to make your mornings be as you wish
with all your heart. You have the power to make a whole Heaven. You have the
power to work miracles. You have the power to heal bodies and raise the dead.
The power that resides in your being can do all this and much more.

Let us examine why you would fear the power of God. You think that if you use
that power, it could turn against you because you have had the experience that
what you created— your ego—turned against you with all its perversity.

Let us assume for a moment that the power of God can be turned against you.
Realize that if that were true, that which would turn against your being is
nothing other than the ineffable sweetness of love. The power of God is Her
love and vice versa.

You can communicate with us and with the entire universe that lives in love.
There is no limit to real communication. You can be aware of other dimensions,
as well as the dimension of time and space. Limiting your awareness is an
option but it is not God’s will for you. The same applies to your abilities.

To reconnect with the power of God you must remain in the presence of love. It
is important to understand that there is no question of whether or not you are
a bearer of God’s power but how to access that power and remain in it
eternally. I said the same thing when I spoke of access and permanence in
Christ consciousness.

It is in Christ that all power and all glory reside. It is through the living
Christ who lives in you that you are as powerful as God in being one with Her.
It is in the mind of Christ and your Immaculate Heart that your being and the
pure love of God are united with all that is holy, perfect, and beautiful. You
will not find power in any place other than in your own being.

Outside of love there is no power possible because outside of love is nothing.
Remember, only love is real. Therefore, only the power of love is real.

Creation exists because of the power of love. Her love sustains its existence.
Her power creates and recreates eternally. Her wisdom establishes it in an
inalterable order. The power of life that you see with the eyes of the body is
the power of God manifested in form. Nothing can stop life.

## IV. Power and Fear

Fear of the abuse of power engendered in you a mechanism that annulled the
awareness of your own power. Certainly the power of love is something you
know well.

You have replaced the power of love with the power of anger, which is nothing
but fear. That apparent ego power, which is all that you associate with
violence, aggression, anger, and many other different forms of fear, is the
substitute for love.

Fear seems powerful but is not. Your weakness is evident, and that is what you
fear most. Thus you fear fear. In other words, you are not afraid of fear
because of its power but because of its weakness. Fear weakens. Accordingly
fear has the power to eliminate from your conscious experience the extension of
love.

The love of God, which is the only real love and therefore the only reality,
does not stop spreading because you do not want to welcome it and allow it to
manifest voluntarily through what you are. Love will spread with or without
your consent. This must be clarified.

Your consent is one with God’s. When you were created you gave your Yes to your
Mother and Creator. But concerning the matter of not allowing the extension of
love, the consent I refer to is that of your human aspect.

Your divine nature does not block the extension of love or reject the power of
God. Your human nature does, but now that will cease because both natures have
met in love.

Giving your humanity the power of God is absolutely possible. I proved this
when I lived on Earth as a human being, as you do now.

The fear of the power of love is so great that it is buried in your mind and
heart, and is the fear of not knowing what to do with power. You think that if
you take charge of your power you could use it to harm because that is what you
have seen in the world. You know from experience that the powerful of the world
almost always use the power they acquired to hurt others, or at least on behalf
of their ego—nothing you want.

You created a mechanism that originally came from love but that is far from
truth. By this mechanism you annulled the expression of the divine power that
lives in you. Ultimately, you think it is better not to be powerful than to
succumb to the abuse of power, especially if that power is as great as the
power of God.

What would happen if you used God’s power for harm? This question is in the
pattern of your thinking, even if you do not think much about it. So we must
dismantle the erroneous associations that exist in this matter.

The power of love cannot be used. God knows not of use or abuse. Everything
that God is—and therefore everything that arises from Her heart—comes from love
and is love. Therefore the power of God can only serve the cause of love. It
cannot be for anything else.

Holy sons and daughters, you cannot succumb to the abuse of the power of love.
You can never love too much. Love is powerful, and has the ability to create
whole universes of infinite creations. Remember, everything that surrounds you
comes from love and is the power that gives you life.

Once you recognize and accept the absolute inoffensiveness of God’s power, you
begin to feel comfortable with it as your own power. There is no difference
between the power of your being and the power of love because your being is
love. Nor is there any difference between the power of God and your power
because your Mother and you are one.

If I have demonstrated the power from above, and that that power did not
necessarily come from me although it expressed through me, it was so that you
could recognize it. I am not more powerful than you, since you and I are one.
All power and all glory belong to you forever and ever.

Remain in love and the power of God will do in you and through you what only
She knows and can do. You need not manipulate it or know how to use it or what
to do with it. You do not need to do anything but recognize and welcome it.

As long as you remain in union consciously, to that extent your feelings of
helplessness will fade away. Finally you will recognize that the power of God
and the sweetness of love are one and the same, just as you are one and the
same with the living Christ who lives in you.

To let the power of God be manifested through you is the same as saying, let
yourself be loved. I am calling you to claim your true power, now and forever.
Do not worry about how this will come about. In the direct relationship with
God all Her power will shine in you. You will know what the power of the Most
High is about and you will rest eternally in the security of love.

