---
ref: "16"
title: "A New Beginning"
subtitle: "A message from Jesus, identifying himself as 'the living Christ who lives in you'"
---

## I. Prelude

Sons and daughters of inextinguishable light! We are clothed with pure love to
dwell with you in the presence of the holiness that you are in truth. You are
holy because God is holy. You are beautiful because God is beauty itself. What
a joy to have arrived together at this time without equal, a time full of
blessings and divine Grace.

You are tired. You have traveled winding roads to arrive at this point. Lay
your head on my shoulders. Let me caress your hair. I invite you to rest in my
heart and to shelter your being. Let me fill you with peace.

Beloved of the Creator, the time for planting is over. The time of harvest has
arrived. Be happy. Begin to relax and live serenely. Little by little you will
feel more comfortable in these lands of peace and endless harmony. They are
different from the territory you once knew, but they are what your heart has
desired. Do not be afraid. We are always by your side. United we are the light
of the world. Together we are invincible, for the strength of love lies in our
unity.

We are speaking of living in times that are no longer those of sowing.
Remember, Christ is the sower; the harvest is His gift of love for you. You
receive, you give.

The “living Christ that lives in you” is simply an expression that tries to
name that part of you capable of uniting Heaven and Earth. That part of you is
real. It is the reality of love that has become your identity. Everything that
belongs to God belongs to you.

The living Christ who lives in you is that part of God that extends to you and
keeps in your being all that is divine and human, because your humanity, as
well as your divinity, belongs to God. Remember that the outside world is not
separate from the inside world, just as Earth is not separate from Heaven;
these are two aspects of the same unique reality, the reality of love. There is
no separation.

Your humanity and your divinity are not two different realities that come
together in a relationship. They are one. As you progress in the discernment of
truth, you recognize that a relationship and its parts are one and the same.
There are no separate parts in a holy relationship. Thus the name of the most
Holy Trinity has been given as, “Father, Son, and the Spirit of love that
unites them in an eternal holy relationship.” We have already discussed this,
but we recall it now because it is necessary to remember that the path of
life is already the path of beautiful love.

There is no reason to wait to begin living consciously in the reality of love.
You are the reality of love. My son, my daughter, you are living in the reality
of God.

Just as you were told that the world has long since ceased to exist, the same
goes for your return to love: it has been a while since you returned. Since
long, long ago, you are the living expression of love extending eternally in
everything and everyone. Perhaps this is not perceived as true, because percep-
tion is subject to time and sees everything as a logical sequence of “if this,
then that.” Thus thinks the mind: “If I am still in the world, then I am not in
Heaven.” Such thought patterns exist, and now we abandon that patterned
thinking. We let it go without judging anything.

Even long before My voice manifested itself in this way for you to hear—and all
those who receive these words hear it— came signs that you are not of the
world, despite being in it.

You are the Christ of God who has returned to Earth in your true identity.
Accepting this as true for you and making this truth the nourishment of your
life is what it means to accept the harvest. Christ sows. Christ harvests.
Christ is.

The harvest is abundant. Day after day you will see its manifestation in your
life. You will walk the path that your being longs for, because what you long
for in the depths of your soul is what God longs for in you.

From now on you can travel the roads of the world without being a stranger in a
strange land. Souls are not alien to you. Your sisters and brothers are not
alien to you. The beings that inhabit the Earth are not alien to you. Now that
you see with the vision of Christ, you recognize the truth in each being, which
is why you can live in the world without losing yourself in it.

## II. The Treasures of Being

You will be what you should be. You will be the Christ of God, awakening your
sisters and brothers with your single existence, along with all beings that
inhabit Earth. Your radiance does not come from the thinking mind, which is not
the living Christ. You illuminate by the mere fact of being, because you are
true light. You are a being of light.

You will increasingly unify with children of light according to the law of
attracting that which is alike. Love attracts love, light attracts holiness.
Where light exists, darkness cannot. Children of light are already enlightened,
just as you are; do not judge their different ways of enlightening.

Remember that fireflies, stars, and the sun all illuminate in their own manner.
Each give beauty merely by being what they really are. Children of light are
the saviors of the world. Without them there would be no hope that the physical
universe would return to the love of God. These children of holiness are reborn
from the spirit of God for the salvation of the whole world.

They are the co-creators of the Second Advent. They have accepted holiness for
themselves, not because they have won it in some way, but because in humility
they recognized that holiness is the gift of God for all, and they have
received it with joy in their hearts. They are those who love themselves as God
loves them.

Beauty of Heaven! Your thinking mind is a blessing from God, an ineffable gift
of love, as is everything that comes from the Creator. Honor your mind, let it
serve what it was created for: to be a blessed mirror of divine truth, the
abode of wisdom, a sacred temple where the sweetness of love dwells.

Brother, sister, you were also given a heart that allows you to do what it
always knows how to do, that for which it was created. Allow it to be a pure
vessel where love overflows to such an extent that it floods the Earth with its
peace, beauty, and holiness. You have a heart for love. Honor it as the
treasure of Christ, the temple of God.

You have been given a spirit capable of holding both mind and the heart, united
with will and memory. This union is similar to God.

Soul in love, with so many treasures received, with so much beauty given, how
could you not be the perfect reflection of the Christ of God? Christ lives in
you. Christ is what you really are.

You need no longer strive to know who you are. What sense would that make, now
that you know what you are? You need no longer fight to try to show what you
never were nor could be. You need no longer fight for survival. Why would you
believe that you need to survive what is eternal?

Harvest time has arrived. What you have sought has in truth been given to you
in holiness, deposited in your mind and heart, united in a divine unity.

We tell you clearly what the living Christ is that lives in you so that you do
not get lost on the path to truth on which you already travel, and to protect
you from ramblings that have no relationship to the will of God. What you are
has the inherent capacity to express itself and always has. Therefore worry not
about what the expression of the living Christ living in you will be like.

Just as water that fills a container assumes its form, so God’s creation fills
your soul and adopts your way of being. In this way God Who has no attributes
takes on attributes, a process by which love takes form. This is what happens
in you. We have called this metanoia, or conversion.

## III. Fruit of Planting

A harvest consists of collecting the fruits of the sowing, in this case, the
fruit of love. The way this fruit germinates in you is unique. In the Garden of
Eden that is expressed in all souls, no flower is the same as another, even
though all are perfect expressions of the same love.

Remember that what you were looking for was really looking for you. And since
what you really wanted was love, that is, your being, then your being, which
never left you, found you first. This is not a play on words; it is the reality
of spiritual life.

You are not a body. You know that. You are much more than that. You are a human
spirit, created by God, with the ability to create worlds. From the inner world
arises the outer world. From an inner world without love, a world arises
without love; from an inner world full of love, a world full of love emerges.

Herein lies the answer to all your questions. Did you ever sin? No. You just
stopped filling yourself with love, and thereby emptied yourself of your being.
Did you ever hate? No. You simply blocked the reception of love from your
consciousness, leaving your consciousness empty of the recognition of the love
that you are.

What you are never stopped being you. Neither did your true consciousness,
which is the consciousness of Christ. In Christ consciousness resides the
knowledge of self.

Christ knows its own consciousness. God knows Herself in Her own consciousness.
This is always the case: being knows its own consciousness. It is not that
consciousness creates knowledge, but that the being has deposited in
consciousness part of what is. And since there is only one true consciousness,
that is, Divine consciousness, then only in God can you really know yourself.

Everything is given by God. Nothing is not given by God. What She does not give
does not exist. Who would create it? You may argue that God does not give cars
or houses or material things such as money, phones, and harps. That is true,
but who gave you the material to make those things? Who gave you the mind
capable of making them?

What you are is the work of God. Accept everything as a gift of your loving
will because it is so. Remember that what you sought with all your heart found
you first. Otherwise you could not have looked for it with all your heart.

The life you want is calling you. This abundant life, full of meaning, joy, and
lasting peace, resides within you. Let it manifest more every day. Remember
that love is infinite and always creates more love.

Stay connected to that part of you where the Heavens reside in Their totality
and you will see how everything that happens in your life will be holy. No
matter what arises within the framework of your consciousness, everything
will shine in the light of Christ.

The issue is not to avoid the problems of the world, but not to get lost in
them. Remember again that life is neutral; what is not neutral is your way of
seeing it, your interpretation of it. The mind and heart are never neutral,
because the power of thought causes everything to have an effect on some level.

If you fear something that may happen from time to time, be not scared or
self-judgmental. You are no less spiritual if you feel panic or feel useless to
do something your heart asks of you. None of that matters.

It is not about living in such a way that you do not feel fear, but that you do
not allow fear to paralyze you. You can live fully in love and perfectly walk
the path in harmony with your being even in the midst of fear. The day will
come when it will end.

You are not being called to be a brave warrior who advances where no one in his
right mind would in order to demonstrate his superiority even at the cost of
his life. We are not looking for heroes. We are not looking for anything. We
are love extending.

What you are being asked, out of love, is that as you walk together in harmony
with our being, that you open yourself to embrace everything that arises within
the love of our being. Remember that you are simply experiencing human life,
but now you do so with the purpose of being who you really are.

Truly we tell you that where one day you lost yourself, you will now find
yourself. Fear will no longer cause unrest. You will only want to live in the
harmony of your being. You will recognize that the closer you get to love,
the less you want its opposite. You will not want anything other than peace and
harmony, the result of union.

Love your vulnerability. Love your weakness, your fragility, your limitations.
Love also every time you experience your immensity, your boundless vastness,
your irresistible power. Love the fact that you are all this and much more.
Love everything that arises inside you.

Begin now to travel this new path with us, the countless angels of Heaven and
the bearers of the voice of Christ, in union with all creation. This way
expresses more each day the love that you truly are, in your particular way.
This is a call to immerse yourself more and more deeply in truth, a call to
travel the path of love, the path of being that God created to be you.

