---
ref: "10"
title: "Wisdom: The Gift of Love"
subtitle: "A message from the Voice of Christ through a Choir of Angels, in the presence of Archangel Raphael and Archangel Gabriel"
---

## I. Prelude

Sons and Daughters of truth! Bliss of God! We are here to continue together on
this journey of the soul that leads to eternal truth. We make an appearance in
your life for the sake of the holiness that you truly are. We are the unity of
love. We live in a light that never goes out. We dwell where the soul rejoices
with the sweetness of love. We live in the holy mountain of your holy mind. We
are part of God’s perfect creation, just as are you.

We want to express our gratitude to you, once again, for your holy willingness
to receive the Grace of the healing of memory, and to leave your mind and heart
empty of everything so they may be filled with wisdom.

Come, sons and daughters of light, come sing with us and with all creation a
new hymn of praise to the Father of lights. Stay in the eternal Abode of Heaven
where love and truth reside, united in inseparable union.

Sing, laugh, dance with us! We are the living expression of the joy of God, as
is your self and all self. Begin to live only in light where there is no shadow
of ignorance. Begin to live only in love where there is no fear.

Here, in the land of the living, only truth shines in all its glory. Only love
exists. Harmony cannot be modified, nor wisdom disdained. Here we live in a
truth that recognizes that holiness, like God, has no opposite.

Beings of the highest, if only you could realize how high we have risen, you
would begin to leave all duality behind forever, because you would realize that
it does not exist any more. You no longer live in illusion. You live in the
land of the living now, where the sun and life are one, where there is no
night. Your self lives where there is only the joy of creation, extending
eternally.

## II. Awake

Beloved soul in love, beloved daughters and sons, you have already awakened to
eternal life. Let us continue to enjoy this new existence in which you are as
you have always been in truth, even though there was a time when you acted as
if you couldn’t be. Awake you are, dancing the dance of life, singing the
melodies of eternity.

Light that will never wane! Within you is a place much higher than the stars
and sun, more distant from the noises of the world than east from west.

That place where we dwell with you and with all that is holy is not properly a
place, but is literally what you call your heart, your self. It is where wisdom
resides, whose source is the Sacred Heart of Christ. Your self is the
life-giving force of your whole existence, with its origin in the center of the
universe, which is the heart of everything created. Your self emerges from the
core of spirit that gives life to everything and creates the immaterial, and
then manifests itself in infinite ways. Your self is to God as beautiful
tongues of fire are to the center of a bonfire.

Brother, sister, you who live in the truth, you cannot create a safe world that
is not based on certainty. We invite you to leave behind everything you doubt
or might eventually doubt, for things about which there is no possibility of
doubt. Only the wisdom of your heart can provide the certainty necessary to
build an existence based on peace. The mind cannot. Further explanation is
unnecessary because you have proven it over and over on an exhausting path that
is already left far behind.

Centuries of spiritual teachings have taught that what you do not obtain with
effort lacks value or that what you obtain with effort is worth the cost. This
belief, so rooted in the old world, is a stone that prevented you from moving
forward, a stone to which the soul was chained, preventing it from taking
flight.

The idea of the value of sacrifice has been left behind except in one aspect,
also to be released forever, which we will discuss in this session. To link
sacrifice, or effort, to knowledge is an impossible relationship. Nothing
achieved with effort can resemble wisdom, since wisdom is the sweetness of love
and there is no sweetness in sacrifice. Likewise, you must recognize and often
remember that wisdom, like love, cannot be put into words.

Wisdom is the “computer of love.” It is that which makes love believable. In
effect, wisdom is the law of love. This perfect association between wisdom and
the law of Heaven is usually overlooked.

When you observe physical nature you can admire the order it reflects and how
its laws are inexorably fulfilled. Nothing in creation is beyond the wisdom of
life. Wisdom exists in the nucleus of an atom, in the union of the elements, in
the cells, in the relationship between the forces that keep harmony within the
vast cosmos. It is wisdom that directs how everything is done.

Wisdom gives creation its framework. She places limits on the unlimited and
sustains time within the eternal. She allows everything that the will is
capable of without opposing God. Nothing that can be thought or devised can be
alien to wisdom, because she is the source of knowledge and consequently of the
work of God. For this reason wisdom is the source of the light that illuminates
every man.

Is it not true, friend of the eternal truth, that life knows how to manage and
keep going despite everything? Bodies may pass, planets may cease to exist, and
yet life continues inexorably to express. It will always find how to manifest
and continue to create and to extend more life. When you cut a tree or pull a
flower, do you think they have ceased to exist?

When God created everything, She knew that Her wisdom would be inherent in
creation. The Creator never places limits on wisdom, because to do so would
cause life to cease to exist, and with it Herself. God is life and the giver of
existence.

## III. Wisdom of God

Recognize vividly that wisdom has nothing to do with concepts or with what can
be put into words. Thus you cannot but accept the fact that the apparent
knowledge of the world, acquired through the intellect, is an imitation of the
true wisdom of Heaven.

As extreme as it may sound, my beloveds, you must understand that what you
call the “wisdom of the world” is a mechanism of separation. It is an absurd,
unnecessary attempt to want to know without the intervention of God. It is the
most eloquent expression of a humanity that would no longer need God. Brother,
sister, if there is one way in which you have striven most to demonstrate
separation and most sought to differentiate yourself from everything, it is
with the intellectual. Does not that reveal something? What do you seek when
you want to know something? You seek specific knowledge.

Specificity belongs to the thinking mind because it is limited. When you seek
knowledge through thinking and reasoning, you are declaring that you can sever
truth. That is the belief behind the specifism of knowledge.

The notion that reality can be divided is an idea born of a divided mind, like
any idea of separation. It has been elaborated upon for millennia, leading to
the current state of affairs in which it is believed that many separate minds,
full of specific knowledge, can come together to create a greater knowledge— as
if truth is a puzzle and each mind a piece. Or as if knowledge was
quantitative. If this were true, you would not be one with the whole. You would
not be one with love.

Humanity redeemed by the Lamb has come very far in the way of love and truth.
And yet they still engage in affairs of knowledge. Learn to distinguish between
the limited knowledge of the thinking mind and the wisdom that comes from
Heaven. Its quality is a key to discernment. Wisdom is sweeter than honey, it
has irrevocable certainty, it unites, it does not change, it creates life, it
is soft as a summer breeze, it is always faithful, it is tender like the eyes
of a nursing child, and it lives always in the truth.

Beloved children from all corners of the world, we invite you to release your
attachment to intelligentsia in all its forms so that you can finish freeing
your minds and freeing your path. When you do so, wisdom will dictate
everything that should be revealed to you because of what you are.

Wisdom will inform you about everything in due time. I assure you that wisdom
can heal bodies and souls, transform the Earth, create new worlds, raise the
dead and make the blind see, all in the blink of an eye. Didn’t She create the
entire universe by means of a simple “Let it be done”? Do you think wisdom can
be limited?

## IV. True Knowledge

Sisters and brothers, wisdom lies in love because they are one and the same.
Outside of love nothing exists, not even wisdom.

When separation was conceived and we sought to create a world based on the
opposite of love, that is, fear, we sought to create the impossible because
wisdom cannot accompany nonsense. Nevertheless, the need to know could not be
completely denied. That is why intellectuality was made—a way of knowing quite
peculiar and of course, contrary to love, the source of true knowledge. The
science of good and evil sought to replace the wisdom of love. The rest of the
story is known and needs no repetition.

Lights that illuminate the world, the time has come to accept that the only way
to be wise is to live in the presence of love.

The problem you have with knowledge, that is, with wisdom, is the same as you
have with love: your definition. You try to define love and, with it,
knowledge. You actually do so with everything that crosses your mind. Truly,
truly I tell you that it is not you who does so. The one that seeks to define
everything is what we call the “thinking mind.” It has been active for so
many centuries that it moves with a kind of inertial force. Do not worry about
it. That force is less and less powerful because it is not being fed.

Now your mind and your heart walk together, holding hands. They will never
separate again because both have found what they were looking for—completeness.
The mind found in the heart a refuge so longed for; the heart found grace in
the mind, since the mind is the only means by which the heart can express
itself and thus know itself.

Remember, the mind is the active means by which the spirit creates and extends.
Life is thought. The mind is the throne of truth. The heart is the throne of
love and the foundation of reason. Love without reason is madness; intelligence
without love is cruelty. Remember also that the heart is your self, where
everything that the mind expresses arises.

Just as you have been taught that knowledge can be acquired through effort, you
were also told that you must sink your being into a land of darkness, for if a
seed is not buried, it does not sprout. This was not about submerging yourself
in the shadows of pain and unconsciousness.

We must be very careful with the teachings received. They played a role during
the time they were needed. All of them will persist forever if they are linked
to the uncreated truth. However, in the new world in which we are living, a
world whose foundation is the wisdom of love, they will be re-signified.

When it was said that you should sink your being into a land of darkness, you
were told to let your mind and heart sink into the mystery, which is the source
of your knowledge and action. You can now stop assigning to mystery the
attributes of fear and begin to accept the fact that God, you, and life are
mystery. And you live in peace with that truth. You begin to realize that from
the depths of mystery springs a vital force that encloses within itself the
wisdom of God. And from that comes perfect certainty.

You replace the cloud of unknowing with wisdom not of the world. You happily
realize that the space you once thought was ignorance was really mystery, and
you do not seek to fill that space with false knowledge.

You let everything be as it is. You begin to become aware of the relationship
that exists between your consciousness and the mystery that you are. From that
relationship the truth about everything begins to flow into your conscious
mind, and doubt disappears.

Certainty reigns in the mind that accepts mystery, and in the heart that loves
to listen in silence. Christ himself becomes the source of your knowledge and
action. Fear disappears. You dwell in the land of wisdom that shall never pass
away. You become one with Her. You merge in the beauty of love, and enjoy the
sweetness of the knowledge of Heaven which lives eternally in you and in
everything created. You are no longer alone and helpless. You no longer live
in the realm of foolishness. You now live securely embraced by the wisdom of
love.

