---
ref: "13"
title: "Giving Form to Love"
subtitle: "A message from the Blessed Mother Mary"
---

## I. Prelude

My sons and daughters, I am the Mother of God. I am Mary, the Mother of all and
everything. Today I am present in your sense perception to deliver a message of
love and truth. I am by your side every day. I am closer to you than your own
thoughts. I am in the air that you breathe, in your soul and in all creation. I
am the eternal reality of love. I live in your heart, in your mind, and in your
body. I live in everything you truly are. It is no longer you who live, but
Mary who lives in you.

I am the purity of God humanized. You are certainly living in the times of
Mary. Again and again I remind you of this holy truth so that you do not forget
the love of the Mother. I will manifest myself more and more every day to my
children. It is the word of God.

Today I have been wrapped in the joy of Heaven, in a joy that has no end. I
have come surrounded by my eternal angels, the beauty of the archangels, the
magnificence of the seraphim, who bring me to your holy presence on their
blessed wings. I am the always Mother Mary. I am what you truly are. I am me
and you are you, and yet we are both an undivided unit. All the purity of God
resides in you because it resides in me and there is nothing in my being that
is not my children. As you already know, I was created to be the mother of
creation.

Today I want to take you more deeply into the understanding and acceptance of
this sweet truth of God’s love. I am the gift of your soul. I am the perfect
guarantee of your holiness. None of my children can be, in their nature,
different from what I am.

You are the living Christ. You are not only another Jesus on Earth, you are
also another Mary. You are the strength of God and the sweetness of Divine
Love. Both realities are an inseparable part of your being.

You carry within you the power of God, Her authority to create and transform
everything, and at the same time eternally to enjoy the tenderness of a love
that has no beginning or end. A sweetness without equal. You are all that I am
as a Divine Mother and all that my Divine Son Jesus is as God-Man.

## II. Express the Christ in You

I come to tell you something you know, because you feel it in the depths of
your heart, something to tell all men and women of all times: Listen carefully
for the sweetness of love.

The heart is where the reality of love resides, just as the thinking mind is
the repository of uncreated truth. Let both aspects of your being come together
in me.

As I have said repeatedly, I am the eternal reality of the sweetness of love
that God is. I have demonstrated this in myriad ways. This is the truth about
me. Everyone constantly demonstrates the truth of what they believe they are,
regardless of what they believe. Nobody and nothing can escape this law—the law
of expression. It is the law of faith. This is the strength of faith, and why
my divine son Jesus taught that faith moves mountains.

Faith is powerful because it carries within itself the power of the Son of God,
and manifests its reality in union with it. If you believe yourself to be what
you are not, your life will reflect conflict. If you believe yourself to be
what you really are, and you believe with all your heart, your life will be the
perfect expression of holiness, the truth that you are. For this reason
please reflect calmly on what is said in this blessed session.

You are truly the Christ of God made human when you accept this is all of God’s
work in you. By living with this thought every day you realize God’s plan in
you and in all creation. I give you this truth made word by saying, “My son, My
daughter, you are the living Christ who lives in you. You are that and nothing
else, but also nothing less.”

I know the beating of your heart and the deepest thoughts that you have in your
holy mind, so I know very well that you cannot believe this due to a problem of
self-esteem. It is a matter of understanding.

You are so accustomed to thinking insignificantly about yourself. You drown
your heart as if locked in a cell. Go out and glory in your glory. Untie the
ties that paralyze your spirit of love.

I ask you with all the love of the most pure Mother, to begin to open your mind
and heart to the possibility that you are the Christ of God—that you can
express reality, here, now, and forever.

There is no need to wait to express your truth. But remember that truth is so
far from everything known in the world that you cannot use what the world
teaches, but only your heart, as a frame of reference.

## III. Christ Begotten by Mary

I am the source of your heart. I am the Immaculate Heart of Mary. I am the one
who has birthed the living Christ in you. I am the one who once begot Christ in
the figure of Jesus. Today I engender Christ in the figure of your humanity,
your being. I have also engendered it in a countless number of your sisters and
brothers who walk the Earth illuminating it with love and truth.

Since the resurrection, my role as mother-begetter of Christ did not cease,
because what I am is eternal. As Mother of God, and of creation, I exist from
all eternity because I exist in Divine Thought, as do you. We are both eternal
because God is eternal. We are both saints because our holiness comes from Her
image and likeness. We are God in union.

One of the problems you have accepting yourself as the Christ of God is your
self-concept. The very idea of a self concept is alien to divine reality. There
cannot be a capacity for self-valuation, for if it existed, it would mean that
your being is susceptible to valuation. Remember, what you are is beyond all
value because your value is inestimable. You are life in abundance. You are
truth and the way of love.

Something that has been difficult to convince you of is to accept your
holiness, the sanctity that you are, and the perfect equality that exists
between Jesus, Mary and your being. That makes it difficult for you to believe
firmly in the perfect equality of everything created. You are Christ. I cannot
stop repeating it tirelessly, since it is necessary to go beyond the layers of
self-denigration that for centuries have covered the human mind and heart.

The rubble of low self-esteem has already been removed; what remains is only
the pattern of thought, the memory, of what you thought you were. This pattern
is what we are removing.  Indeed, the fact that you can observe this pattern
and visualize that memory is proof that you have already abandoned the way of
thinking and feeling that led you to consider yourself small, almost nothing.

This work is an eloquent call to live your life from now on as you are, the
Christ of God. Remember that the Second Coming of Christ did not concern only
Jesus and not others. The Second Coming of Christ will be expressed in multiple
incarnations of Christ in humanity.

## IV. The Christs of God

Countless living Christs will populate the Earth. They will be the exponents of
a holy race. We say, “They will be,” because although they have begun to emerge
on Earth with the light of the Lamb of God, they will continue to grow in
number. The light of Christ is being incarnated every day in more and more
beings.

You still cannot see the flashes that emanate from the living Christs that walk
the Earth. They are humble and blessed, begotten by the Mother of love. Many of
them are unknown to the world; some are recognized, as they should be.

The living Christs that walk the Earth live everywhere. They are countless,
represented by the number one hundred and forty four thousand of which we have
already spoken. Some heal bodies and minds; others channel the voice of God for
it to be heard in all corners of the Earth; others create holy devotions so
that compassion floods the Earth more every day; others sing, dance, or praise.

Some collaborate in countless ways, helping with the work of God, all full of
pure love. All are part of the myriad of Christs inhabiting the Earth. They are
part of the mystical body of Christ. They are the perfect expression of the
Second Advent. They are Mary’s children.

The Second Coming of Christ impacts not only the spiritual aspect of creation
but also the material aspect of it. The second coming is about totality,
including our bodies. The resurrection is about both the body and the spirit.
The second coming will create and is creating a new body, a new Earthly
Kingdom.

The coming of Christ is already here. It will be seen more every day. This is
why we say that these are the times of Mary. These are the times, not only of
the tenderness of love and the sweetness of Heaven, but the times of birth.

I was created to beget Christ and that is what I do, not once, but eternally in
all souls willing to become nothing in love— that is, to live submerged in the
purity of holiness. You who write these words and you who receive them in many
ways, you must recognize—because in the Design it was written that you join
these words— that I have begotten the living Christ in you.

You know how to live in truth. You know how to live as the living Christ who
lives in you. Do not fear anything. Do not be afraid to recognize that you love
God, or that your Heavenly Mother speaks to you and accompanies you every day.
Do not be afraid to recognize your direct relationship with God. You would not
be reading these words but that you will love your Creator with all the
strength of your being. You are Christ. You are the holiness brought to Earth,
part of the mystical body of Christ and part of the Second Advent. Begin again
today to praise God in the way you like most. Begin today to feel the
benevolence of God’s call. You have responded to the voice of love and your
grace shall not be taken from you.

Do not worry how you will express the Christ. You have been created to receive
love and give existence to others through making God known. You have been doing
so whether you are aware of it or not. What you really are exists without
needing your recognition. Every being expresses itself. The Christ in you is no
exception. You have extended beyond the boundaries of Earth. You have created
love infinitely. Thanks to you, an incalculable number of beings have entered
the abode of truth and light. The will of God has been done because it is your
will.

Today is a day of joy—the unparalleled joy of God in the time of Mary. Today we
continue to grow a little more in the recognition and acceptance of who you
are. I not only mothered Jesus but I educated him. This means that not only do
I engender Christ in you through the Grace of the Spirit of God, but I accom-
pany you forever in the realization of the Divine will in you, not because you
do not know how to do it, but because I love you.

My joy is to dwell in you. Similarly your joy consists in being who you really
are, which is no other than the Christ in you. Any definition other than this
is contrary to God’s will and is not true.

Take time during the day to close your eyes, take silence, and say to yourself:
My beloved Christ, here I am to do your will.

Above all remember often how much I love you. As the Mother of Christ in you, I
am closer to you than your own breath. I am the Mother of God, the Queen of
Hearts. I am the source of love.

## V. Express Love

Beloved of God, you are beauty made reality. You are an ineffable gift. That is
why it is difficult for you to define who you are. You know you have been
called, but you still believe that you do not know how to express what you
know. You know for sure that you want to give yourself completely to God. Thus
you already know that you have surrendered. You have heard the voice of love.

You have experienced the purity of a love that has no opposite. You know that
the sweetness and love that you have experienced does not come from anything
or anyone in the world, but from the One who loved you first. To constantly
return to that love is to return to and remain in Heaven. But you will not rest
in peace until you give shape to love. You will not rest until you decide to
express love in human reality.

Sons and daughters of God, you can shape love. You can do it because it is
God’s will for you to do so. Dedicate your life to love and express God’s will
in your own way. You are not alone. I stay always by your side. The work of
love is collaborative, not only with the cooperation of your sisters and
brothers, but with everything in Heaven.

Those who have to unite with you will unite. In truth they are already here.
The events necessary in order to give shape to the love that God is will
happen. Things will work in favor of this Heavenly mission. Abandon yourself
again and again into my arms. Worry not about what should be done in this holy
function of shaping the formless spirit.

Giving shape to love is expressing the reality of God. It is the only way to
know yourself and to make the Creator known. It is the only function of all
that has been created, just as it is in me, as Mother of God and your Mother.

Everything said in this session you know well because you feel the pull of your
heart calling you to the free expression of your love of God, of yourself and
of everything created. You live submerged in love. Many already see the flash
of rays shining from you, extending to Heaven. Yet even you resist a bit in
recognizing them. You still resist a bit accepting that you are a blessing for
the whole world.

I ask you once again: Do not deny the world the beauty of your light. If you do
not make it known, you will not be able to know yourself. It is the Light of
Christ that shines in you. It is the light of the union of Mary and the way of
Jesus, united in an undivided reality.

Sons and daughters of triune love, get up and travel new paths on Earth and in
Heaven, because they are one. Let us continue together giving shape to love.
Let us walk together creating the new Heaven and new Earth, arising from the
expression of the Christ in you in these holy times of Mary, the times of the
Second Advent, times of the fullness of love.

