---
ref: "4"
title: "Love without Conditions"
subtitle: "A message from the Voice of Christ through a Choir of Angels, in the presence of Archangel Raphael and Archangel Gabriel"
---

## I. Love and Totality

If you love some more than others, or if you love certain aspects of creation
in a different way than you love others, then you do not understand what love
is.

God loves all things, because everything has come from Her. There is nothing
God does not love. While you have been taught that God cannot love sin, and
that is true, you must understand that it is not because She does not love
you, but because She knows it is not real. Christ knows no shadow of sin. This
not-knowing of the Christ of God is the perfect guarantee of your return to
unity.

Those united to the living Christ in them no longer see sin because they know
that sin does not really exist. Perhaps they continue to experience the
instinctive repulsion that produces everything out of harmony with the beauty
and sanctity of love, but that is not due to a lack of love, but because love
can only love what is similar to itself. To love is to unite.

Once you decide to return to unity with the Christ you are, you live only
united to what is holy, beautiful, and perfect. But you also recognize that
there are different states of consciousness and that, among those different
states, there is a state of amnesia of self. In that state, which you have also
shared with your brothers and sisters, you can imagine many things, even some
that do not make sense. However, none of that becomes an excuse not to extend
love.

You have already learned by revelation that nothing can limit love. You also
know Who the love is that extends through you by Itself. You have learned
enough to put yourself aside, and locate your place as God’s channel.

Now you know what it means to forgive: Forgiveness consists simply in letting
go of everything that is not true. That is how, for everything that comes from
the state of amnesia—whether in yourself or in your sisters and brothers—let it
come and go like the leaf litter that the wind brings and then carries away.

You accept what is, as it is. You accept that the temporal is temporary—born in
time and ending in time. You accept that reality without judging it, without
getting angry about it, without attacking those who temporarily accompany you
on the journey of life within time on the way to the House of Truth. You cling
to nothing. You neither dominate nor possess. You then begin to live without
fear, without fear of loss, which is the basis of all fear. You only live in
love.

## II. Love and the Conditional Mind

Love cannot be recognized through conditional thinking. Life conceived from the
linear thinking of “if this, then that” is a limited life separate from the
life of God.

Not only does love have no limits, it is not separate from you. Thus you must
be unlimited. There is no reason for you to be a conditional self, for what you
are is unlimited. This is eternally true.

While you have been told countless times that you are not a limited nor an
insignificant self, you are now being reminded again that this truth will not
make sense to you nor will it create any lasting change in your life if you do
not viscerally accept that you are only love.

You are not a human being, nor a certain character, nor a mother or father who
takes your children to school, nor a doctor, nor a monk. You are love and
nothing but love. You are love!

From the reality of the love that you are, you do what you do without ever
ceasing to be love. Once you accept this, then you become love expressing
itself as a human being, as a doctor who heals out of love, as a loving father
or mother who takes your children to school out of love. Love can be all these
things and much more. Is this not the same as saying: Love and do what you
want?

Love can take any form. Love can be sun, rain, wind, song. Only love is
unlimited. Only the love that God is, is unconditional. This is why, again
and again, you are invited to remember who you really are. You cannot access
and remain in the consciousness of unity—and therefore in your eternal uncondi-
tionality—if you believe yourself to be anything other than love.

Moreover, you cannot remain in the consciousness of Christ if you do not
unconditionally accept the fact that everything around you is love expressing
itself. Your sisters and brothers are love. The creatures of the Earth are
love. The moon and a snowflake, with all their beauty, are love. Everything
that is real is love. Nothing unreal truly exists.

To live as the love you are is to live in the goodness of truth. To live
differently is to live outside truth and therefore in slavery— not slavery in
truth, but in your perception. We make this clarification so that you
remember that believing in what is not true does not make what you believe
true. Truth is how the amnesia in which you have been submerged will heal.

Since what you believe has no real effect on the truth, be unconcerned about
what you think your life was or will be. Rather, this truth will liberate and
take you serenely to inner peace; you will discovering that you have not
affected the beauty you created in union with the Mother of life.

Nothing true can be attacked, nor even changed. The truth is eternally true. It
cannot change nor be obliterated. Nothing that is not similar to itself can
even approach it, because nothing that is not true can be real, for truth is
the only reality.

## III. Truth and Unity

Truth joins love and love joins truth. Love is the foundation of truth; they
are a unit. Neither was created before the other. Nowhere does one exist and
the other not.  Nor is there a place where one ends and the other begins. Love
and truth are the continuum of divine reality.

What is eternal has neither beginning nor end, so no conditions exist in God.
Love is unconditional. From this flows the need to release the habit of
thinking conditionally. If you love someone for a quality in them, be assured
that you are not loving at all. Love cannot be narrowed to a person or
condition; it simply knows nothing of limitation.

Can you begin to understand why you are asked to observe how little love is
sometimes given to those beings who, although having a form different from
yours, are your sisters and brothers, as holy as you? Do you think flowers do
not go to Heaven? They do.

Everything returns to the love from which it arises. Nothing in creation is
lost. Not a single child of God fails to return to the love that gave them
existence. From love they come and to love all return.

Believe me when I say that if you walk in the presence of love, snakes will not
bite you, nor anything poisonous sink its teeth into you. As you go along the
path of life, like the living Christ that lives in you, your dense body is
being cast aside, and the subtle self that you are—which is veiled to many and
sometimes even to you—will come forward and you will not be what you were.

I ask you now with all my heart to accept that you have the power to perform
miracles, and to bring Heaven to Earth. That power comes from Christ. Christ is
the identity created by God with which you truly share all creation. Accept
that Christ’s abilities are yours as well.

Nothing that belongs to God can be alien to you because you no longer live
apart from Christ who lives in you. Prayer is the vehicle of miracles, and you
have already seen miracles performed through you. It is one of the capacities
of which you must take charge.

Recall that when we spoke of taking the cross and following me you were
invited, and given the means by which, not to suffer but to take charge of the
divine self you are in truth. Become aware of the power of miracle-working that
is yours. When you live in the truth, you but accept the power of Christ in
you, a power without conditions.

Why do we speak of the power to perform miracles that resides in you as a
Christ when we also speak of unconditional love, and the need above all to love
all things and beings on Earth? We speak thus because you are asked to work the
miracle of the union of the divine and human in your present reality.

Jesus demonstrated that his power came from a source not of the world, but of
almighty God. You need not demonstrate that again, but you do need to serve
humanity by bringing the love of God to the world.

## IV. Truth and Miracles

Miracles are a service to humanity. The world needs healing, and this is the
service you must bring to it. You know how. Every time you join in prayer with
your self, which you can do at every moment, the miraculous power of God’s love
flows naturally.

You can ask for specific miracles or not. You can ask for none at all. It
matters not. The power to perform miracles, whose source is always love, will
unfailingly manifest.

Brother, sister, cease putting limits on who you are. Love all things. Open the
floodgates of your self so that the ocean of God’s infinite love—which resides
in your heart and expresses itself in multiple ways—spills into all creation
more forcefully than ever.

You are to flood the Earth with the miracles of love. You are to heal the
universe through the union of prayer with the living Christ in you, which is
the prayer of truth. Abandon limitation! Live as Christ taught.

Show unconditional love so as to be more aware of the love you truly are. Thus
your love will call others to love.

When you are asked to accept your power to perform miracles and bring Heaven
to Earth, you are being asked to accept unconditionally that you can live in
truth, that you can live without fear. In other words, accept that you can be
the living Christ here, now, and always.

Accepting the power of God in you is part of taking charge of the new self you
are. This acceptance is also an expression of unlimited trust in the love that
you are. It is something you must exercise, not in the sense of striving, but
in the sense of actively accepting.

Until the arrival of this work you had seen acceptance as something you did not
like: that you had to accept what you had not previously. That phase was on the
path to the transcendence of acceptance.

While you may argue that you do not necessarily have to accept something you do
not like, the truth is that you know that everything that is denied is denied
for some reason. Denial is not an involuntary act; it is a mechanism of
protection arising from fear. Something true is never denied out of love.
Nobody denies what they love. The denial of truth results from a lack of love
of truth.

You no longer live in the time of deceit, when life moved to the rhythm of the
senseless dance of deceiving and being deceived. We have returned to truth, and
therefore move to the rhythm of the desire to love and be loved. It is no
longer necessary to continue with denial mechanisms.

Darkness has dissipated, and the fog evaporated. No dangers are in sight. The
path is clear. The sky is cloudless. Everything has returned to light. In the
past your mind created a mechanism to protect yourself from what you believed
to be powerful and harmful. How could you not, were it real? Here is yet
another opportunity to be lovingly compassionate to yourself and your sisters
and brothers.

Cease to judge and blame yourself for what you once denied, for fear of seeing
it face to face. The fears have disappeared, never to return. The clay idol
that once so frightened you has disintegrated with the rain of grace that
from Heaven constantly falls on you, showering you with the waters of holiness.

Now we live beyond acceptance. The process of accepting what you do not like in
order to transcend it is over. Today begins, literally, what active acceptance
has brought you as a blessing, together with the holy gifts of forgiveness
given and received. We have advanced. We have transcended the limitations.

We accept the holiness we are. We integrate mind and heart with the power of
love. We recognize that we are powerful because we live in truth. We accept our
divine power unconditionally. We return to love. We recover full confidence.
We are free. We are Christ, living life in God.

