---
ref: "15"
title: "Harvest Time"
subtitle: "A message from the Voice of Christ through a Choir of Angels, in the presence of Archangel Raphael and Archangel Gabriel"
---

## I. Prelude

Sons and daughters of Heaven! Holy reality of love made human!

If you were willing to recognize the absolute truth about all Creation,
including yourself, you would eternally sing of the joy of being. Jubilantly
would you recognize yourself as a personified miracle.

Beloveds of all corners of the universe, friends of God and of angels, friends
of everything holy, beautiful, and perfect, at this time in the history of
humanity we speak to you in all languages and in all corners of the Earth.

Forget not that you live in the times of the return to a direct relationship
with God. When you see with the eyes of love, you can see expressions of God’s
love everywhere.

Today, beloved daughters and sons, we come to share good news through these
words which are a unique expression of God’s love. Share it with your sisters
and brothers in Christ so that this chain of light spreads until it envelops
the whole world.

Listen to our message with joy.

The fruits of the seeds of the Second Advent are appearing on all sides, seeds
that the Sower has been sowing since Earth was conceived in the mind of the
Creator, seeds that gave the sublime fruit of the incarnate Christ. The Tree of
Life sprouts from wherever you who receive these words are.

Remember that love is the vine from which you grow as blessed branches, always
beautiful, always holy, because of the wisdom that flows through your being.
Love is your food. Remember also that you are the blessed fruit of Mary’s womb,
a plentiful fruit, pure and holy. You are the children of holiness, children of
light.

Pure souls, born of divine beauty! We remind you that since time began, the
First and Second Comings of Love were conceived as an indivisible unity. Love
has never abandoned you and will never forsake you.

## II. The Harvest Begins

Harvest time has arrived! A time of joy without equal! Truly, truly, we tell
you that in some hearts green shoots have begun to germinate. Beautiful buds of
holiness! Small flashes of light that, like fireflies in the night, with
simplicity, fill creation with beauty while others sleep. These buds will grow
as never before. Nothing can stop their flowering. They will become as
beautiful, fruitful, and majestic as the One that gives them life.

In some places these seeds have grown so much that they are already beautiful
acacias with abundant fruit. Many are eating this fruit, feeding souls,
strengthening themselves in love. Some are sheltered as in a greenhouse. Others
rest in the shadow and revel in their beauty.

Let the Earth be glad! Harvest time has arrived, a time of joy without equal.

You who receive these words, begin to contemplate the Earth from a new
perspective, based on the wisdom of God. Look at Her with ecstatic eyes of
love, love Her with a heart in love with Christ. Love Her with the heart that
God gave you.

Extend your mind and your imagination beyond even the imaginable. Observe how a
mighty river of living water flows without ceasing, bathed in the light of
holiness, whose source is beyond what your eyes can see. Observe everything
with the eyes of spirit. Begin to see the world through the vision of Christ.

Souls in love, we are here by your side, united by the eternal holiness that
you are. Immerse yourself now with us in contemplating the flow of this river
of love, a flow of serene waters, crystalline and beautiful, which waters in
all directions, flowing from the source of eternal life, flooding the whole
Earth with holiness. Can you hear the melodies that the waters sing as they
slide down the channels of souls? It is the spirit of God, pouring forth
ceaselessly in human spirits as never before in history.

The joy of Heaven is unparalleled. The beauty of your being has reached such a
degree that even the most exalted of artists could not portray it, for it
surpasses all imagination.

Brothers and sisters, the waters of eternal life are flowing from bank to bank,
watering Earth with the love of God. They give life to everything they touch.
They water the seeds that Christ himself has sown in union with us, the angels,
and with you, the chosen ones of the Lamb, those who have made the fundamental
choice for love.

This vision is a perfect representation of what is happening in your world.
Even though not everyone can yet become conscious, humanity is being bathed
more and more in an unfathomable ocean of perfect love.

Live joyfully in the certainty of love. Live in a way that the world has not
yet taught you, but that can surely be lived.

## III. A New Way of Living

The world is innocuous. It has never had any real effect on your being. Do not
be afraid of the world, for it is already defeated, not in the sense of it
being an enemy, but in that it has been transcended and reintegrated into the
Kingdom of Heaven. Remember, your Kingdom is not of this world, but can extend
into it. The world resides within the love that God is, since love encompasses
everything.

The world of time is temporary, but it need not be cruel and loveless. Maybe it
has been, but it need not remain so. If there is something that is clear about
the world, it is that everything changes. It is a kingdom in which everything
has its time.

In a world of time, everything has a beginning and an end through which
transformation can take place. In a world of time, there is space for change,
which is why everything changes.

Do not believe that the world has any power over your being. It never did,
except when you wanted to play the game of granting it some power. We say
“game” because in truth you cannot give your power to anyone or anything. Your
power belongs to you and nothing and no one can take it from you, not even God.

What God gives is given eternally. In this lies the certainty of peace.

There is a time for everything: a time to give and a time to receive; a time to
till the earth; a time to sow, a time to harvest, and a time to enjoy the
harvest.

For everything there is a time, just as in breathing. There is a time to
receive the breath and a time to give it. Without both movements, the life of
the body would be impossible. Giving and receiving are one. There cannot be one
without the other.

You cannot live life solely receiving or solely giving. Love is received and
given in order to continue to be received and given. This is the rhythm of the
dance of life. The law of giving and receiving as a unit is always respected.
In time, you first receive, then you give. That is how the sequence manifests
in time.

If for centuries the time of sowing has occurred, it is a sign that the harvest
may come in your time. Brother, sister, the time is now—this very moment,
wherever you are, whatever you are or think you are. The time of harvest has
arrived. It has come for you and for the whole world.

Today, not yesterday, you can begin to live in a way that your being feels more
and more comfortable, even in the world. Until now you had conceived the world
as an unnatural place, with you being somehow an alien on Earth. Something in
you did not fit with this world. Like a foreigner, you tried to adapt to a
strange world. Like a fish out of water, you wasted your strength without
achieving a fit in place, time, or circumstance. Is not it true that you have
had this feeling?

What is it all about?

It is about you now becoming aware that your life can change completely once
again —and every day —from an unnatural life to an ever-growing harmony with
what you really are. Remember: you are reborn every day, a new creation.

Wake up every morning and remember that what you used to be has departed, never
to return. Let it go. Make it a habit to live this new way, every day living
this new life that love has prepared for you, for yesterday has gone and will
never return.

It is not true that because you live in the world of matter, space, and time,
you must live wrapped in the cloud of forgetfulness.

Listen to the good news! There is a way of living in the world that is in
perfect harmony with your being. It exists. To begin to go through it you need
but accept that it can only be known with the One who created you.

Everyone is unique. None are identical. Some are more similar than others but
none are identical. God loves diversity and does not clone.

Express your own way to be in truth and not in illusion, for that enables you
to live in harmony with what you are. Does this not make sense? How could you
express yourself freely in harmony with what you are if what you were doing is
based on a mind that does not know who you really are? Can the intellect know
God directly?

Only the living Christ who lives in you can know your perfect path. This is not
a matter of rules or commandments but a matter of harmony. Would God create a
beautiful hummingbird with the impetus to fly and not give everything necessary
for that impulse to come true? The birds are happy flying, the fish swimming,
and the daisies receiving the sun, rain, and all the love of God. What of you?

When the Earth you step onto and the air you breathe was conceived, perfect
paths were also conceived so that beings could live temporarily.

Your life in space-time has a beginning and an end. That path takes you, little
by little, back to the Heaven of your Sacred Heart. The path waiting for you
has as its function the expression of your holiness.

You have made a discovery. You have discovered that you are, in humility, the
Christ of God. You have received that message. God knows who you really are and
you know the Christ that lives in you. Now that you know, it is time for the
harvest, the time in which Christ must be for you like a serene river that runs
gently but firmly, carrying the calm waters to your soul, your being, your
mind, and your heart. The Christ knows what is natural to your being, even
within the world.

To live in such a way that only Christ lives in you, leaving aside any pattern
of thought and emotional response not His, is what we speak of. It may seem
unacceptable or difficult, but we assure you it is the easiest path in the
world. And the happiest.

Listen once again. The way you will know if you are walking the path that
Christ has dreamed for you in the world is this: All walking will be easy,
effortless, devoid of the fear of uncertainty; a happy path, full of meaning,
so easy for you that one day you will realize that you are letting yourself be
carried along by the calm waters of the love that lives in you.

Let yourself go. You will see your life change, and with it the life of the
world. Once again we say: Renounce the past. Throw yourself confidently into
the arms of love. Start now to live a new life, the life of the living Christ
that lives in you. Let that holy confluence of your mind and heart, which you
call Christ, be the only source of your knowledge and action. Then you will be
saying Yes to life. How? Remember or say:

*I no longer live. It is Christ who lives in me.*

